bin/licq
bin/viewurl-lynx.sh
bin/viewurl-ncftp.sh
bin/viewurl-netscape.sh
bin/viewurl-w3m.sh
include/licq/licq_buffer.h
include/licq/licq_icq.h
include/licq/licq_remoteserver.h
include/licq/licq_chat.h
include/licq/licq_icqd.h
include/licq/licq_sar.h
include/licq/licq_constants.h
include/licq/licq_languagecodes.h
include/licq/licq_sighandler.h
include/licq/licq_countrycodes.h
include/licq/licq_log.h
include/licq/licq_socket.h
include/licq/licq_events.h
include/licq/licq_message.h
include/licq/licq_translate.h
include/licq/licq_file.h
include/licq/licq_onevent.h
include/licq/licq_user.h
include/licq/licq_filetransfer.h
include/licq/licq_packets.h
include/licq/licq_utility.h
include/licq/licq_history.h
include/licq/licq_plugin.h
include/licq/pthread_rdwr.h
include/licq/licq_plugind.h
@dirrm include/licq
lib/licq/licq_qt-gui.so
lib/licq/licq_qt-gui.la
@dirrm lib/licq
share/licq/utilities/BackOrifice.utility
share/licq/utilities/finger.utility
share/licq/utilities/ftp.utility
share/licq/utilities/gftp.utility
share/licq/utilities/hostname.utility
share/licq/utilities/mutt.utility
share/licq/utilities/netscape.utility
share/licq/utilities/nmap.utility
share/licq/utilities/pine.utility
share/licq/utilities/ping.utility
share/licq/utilities/queso.utility
share/licq/utilities/talk.utility
share/licq/utilities/traceroute.utility
share/licq/utilities/vnc.utility
share/licq/utilities/xtraceroute.utility
@dirrm share/licq/utilities
share/licq/translations/ASCII
share/licq/translations/CP437
share/licq/translations/CP850
share/licq/translations/DANISH
share/licq/translations/DEC_MCS
share/licq/translations/DG_MCS
share/licq/translations/DUTCH
share/licq/translations/FINNISH
share/licq/translations/FRENCH
share/licq/translations/FRENCH_CANADIAN
share/licq/translations/GERMAN
share/licq/translations/HP_MCS
share/licq/translations/IRV
share/licq/translations/ITALIAN
share/licq/translations/JIS
share/licq/translations/LATIN_2
share/licq/translations/MACINTOSH
share/licq/translations/NEXT
share/licq/translations/NORWEGIAN_1
share/licq/translations/NORWEGIAN_2
share/licq/translations/POLISH
share/licq/translations/POLISH_NOPL
share/licq/translations/PORTUGUESE
share/licq/translations/PORTUGUESE_COM
share/licq/translations/RUSSIAN
share/licq/translations/RUSSIAN_ALT
share/licq/translations/RUSSIAN_WIN
share/licq/translations/SPANISH
share/licq/translations/SWEDISH
share/licq/translations/SWEDISH_NAMES
share/licq/translations/SWEDISH_NAMES_COM
share/licq/translations/SWISS
share/licq/translations/UNITED_KINGDOM
share/licq/translations/UNITED_KINGDOM_COM
@dirrm share/licq/translations
share/licq/sounds/Monty-Python.wav
share/licq/sounds/fun/Auth.wav
share/licq/sounds/fun/Chat.wav
share/licq/sounds/fun/Contact.wav
share/licq/sounds/fun/File.wav
share/licq/sounds/fun/Message.wav
share/licq/sounds/fun/Online.wav
share/licq/sounds/fun/System.wav
share/licq/sounds/fun/URL.wav
@dirrm share/licq/sounds/fun
share/licq/sounds/icq/Auth.wav
share/licq/sounds/icq/Chat.wav
share/licq/sounds/icq/Contact.wav
share/licq/sounds/icq/File.wav
share/licq/sounds/icq/Message.wav
share/licq/sounds/icq/Online.wav
share/licq/sounds/icq/System.wav
share/licq/sounds/icq/URL.wav
@dirrm share/licq/sounds/icq
@dirrm share/licq/sounds
share/licq/qt-gui/locale/cs_CZ.qm
share/licq/qt-gui/locale/de.qm
share/licq/qt-gui/locale/es.qm
share/licq/qt-gui/locale/fr.qm
share/licq/qt-gui/locale/it.qm
share/licq/qt-gui/locale/pl.qm
share/licq/qt-gui/locale/pt.qm
share/licq/qt-gui/locale/ru_RU.KOI8-R.qm
share/licq/qt-gui/locale/sv.qm
share/licq/qt-gui/locale/ru.qm
share/licq/qt-gui/locale/cs.qm
@dirrm share/licq/qt-gui/locale
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.basic/basic.skin
@dirrm share/licq/qt-gui/skin.basic
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.basic-ncb/basic-ncb.skin
@dirrm share/licq/qt-gui/skin.basic-ncb
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.bheart/Frame.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.bheart/MenuButtonDown.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.bheart/MenuButtonUp.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.bheart/MenuButtonlight.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.bheart/README
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.bheart/bheart.skin
@dirrm share/licq/qt-gui/skin.bheart
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.compact/button.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.compact/compact.skin
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.compact/frame.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.compact/msg.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.compact/status.png
@dirrm share/licq/qt-gui/skin.compact
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.dim/Frame.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.dim/Label-small.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.dim/MenuDown.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.dim/MenuUpFocus.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.dim/MenuUpNoFocus.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.dim/Status.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.dim/dim.skin
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.dim/mask.png
@dirrm share/licq/qt-gui/skin.dim
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.e/butMenu.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.e/butMenuDown.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.e/butMenuFocus.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.e/e.skin
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.e/frame.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.e/msg.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.e/status.png
@dirrm share/licq/qt-gui/skin.e
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.gradient/background.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.gradient/buttonLowered.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.gradient/buttonRaised.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.gradient/gradient.skin
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.gradient/msg.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.gradient/status.png
@dirrm share/licq/qt-gui/skin.gradient
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.icq/icq.skin
@dirrm share/licq/qt-gui/skin.icq
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.icq-ncb/icq-ncb.skin
@dirrm share/licq/qt-gui/skin.icq-ncb
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.pli/Frame.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.pli/MenuButtonDown.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.pli/MenuButtonUp.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.pli/pli.skin
@dirrm share/licq/qt-gui/skin.pli
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.shale/butMenu.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.shale/butMenuDown.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.shale/butMenuFocus.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.shale/frame.png
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.shale/shale.skin
share/licq/qt-gui/skin.shale/status.png
@dirrm share/licq/qt-gui/skin.shale
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.console/away.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.console/bothmsg.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.console/console.dock
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.console/dnd.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.console/ffc.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.console/invisible.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.console/mask.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.console/na.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.console/nomsg.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.console/occupied.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.console/offline.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.console/online.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.console/regmsg.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.console/statusmask.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.console/sysmsg.xpm
@dirrm share/licq/qt-gui/dock.console
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.flower/away.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.flower/bothmsg.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.flower/dnd.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.flower/ffc.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.flower/flower.dock
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.flower/invisible.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.flower/mask.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.flower/na.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.flower/nomsg.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.flower/occupied.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.flower/offline.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.flower/online.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.flower/regmsg.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.flower/statusmask.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.flower/sysmsg.xpm
@dirrm share/licq/qt-gui/dock.flower
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.flower-ns/flower-ns.dock
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.flower-ns/nomsg-mask.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.flower-ns/nomsg.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.flower-ns/regmsg-mask.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.flower-ns/regmsg.xpm
@dirrm share/licq/qt-gui/dock.flower-ns
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.glicq/glicq.dock
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.glicq/msg.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.glicq/nomsg.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.glicq/sysmsg.xpm
@dirrm share/licq/qt-gui/dock.glicq
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.pli/bothmsg.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.pli/iconAway.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.pli/iconDND.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.pli/iconFFC.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.pli/iconInvisible.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.pli/iconNA.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.pli/iconNoMsg.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.pli/iconOccupied.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.pli/iconOffline.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.pli/iconOnline.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.pli/mask.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.pli/nomsg.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.pli/pli.dock
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.pli/regmsg.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.pli/statusmask.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/dock.pli/sysmsg.xpm
@dirrm share/licq/qt-gui/dock.pli
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.computer/chat.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.computer/chess.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.computer/computer.icons
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.computer/cross.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.computer/ffchat.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.computer/file.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.computer/lock.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.computer/message.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.computer/offline.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.computer/online.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.computer/private.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.computer/sign.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.computer/url.xpm
@dirrm share/licq/qt-gui/icons.computer
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.icq/away.ppm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.icq/dnd.ppm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.icq/icq.icons
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.icq/message.ppm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.icq/na.ppm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.icq/occupied.ppm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.icq/offline.ppm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.icq/online.ppm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.icq/private.ppm
@dirrm share/licq/qt-gui/icons.icq
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.icq2/away.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.icq2/chat.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.icq2/dnd.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.icq2/ffc.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.icq2/file.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.icq2/icq2.icons
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.icq2/invisible.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.icq2/message.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.icq2/na.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.icq2/occ.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.icq2/offline.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.icq2/online.xpm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.icq2/url.xpm
@dirrm share/licq/qt-gui/icons.icq2
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.mark/away.ppm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.mark/chat.ppm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.mark/dnd.ppm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.mark/ffc.ppm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.mark/file.ppm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.mark/mark.icons
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.mark/message.ppm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.mark/na.ppm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.mark/occupied.ppm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.mark/offline.ppm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.mark/online.ppm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.mark/private.ppm
share/licq/qt-gui/icons.mark/url.ppm
@dirrm share/licq/qt-gui/icons.mark
@dirrm share/licq/qt-gui
@dirrm share/licq
