Updating Information for FreeBSD ports developers

This file is maintained by Erwin Lansing <erwin@FreeBSD.org> and
copyrighted by the FreeBSD Foundation.

This file contains major changes to ports and the ports infrastructure.
Intended audience are ports committers, maintainers and other
developers. User oriented changes should be submitted for inclusion
in the release notes.

All ports committers are allowed to commit to this file.

20040129:
	Start of CHANGES file.

FORMAT:

This file contains a list, in reverse chronological order, of major
breakages or added features in tracking ports.  Not all things will be
listed here, and it only starts on January 29, 2004.

Copyright information:

Copyright 2004 FreeBSD Foundation All Rights Reserved.

Redistribution, publication, translation and use, with or without
modification, in full or in part, in any form or format of this
document are permitted without further permission from the author.

THIS DOCUMENT IS PROVIDED BY FREEBSD FOUNDATION ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL WARNER LOSH BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

If you find this document useful, and you want to, you may buy the
author a beer.

Contact Erwin Lansing if you have any questions about your use of
this document.

$FreeBSD$
