share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/graphic/ugr17.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/graphic/ugr18.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/graphic/ugr10.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/graphic/ugr11.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/graphic/ugr12.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/graphic/ugr13.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/graphic/ugr14.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/graphic/ugr15.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/graphic/ugr16.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/graphic/ugrb10.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/graphic/ugrb11.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/graphic/ugrb12.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/graphic/ugrb13.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/graphic/ugrb14.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/graphic/ugrb15.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/graphic/ugrb16.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/graphic/ugrb17.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/graphic/ugrb18.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/graphic/ugr02.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/graphic/ugrb02.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/graphic/ugr05.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/graphic/ugrb05.afm
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/graphic
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/bom/ubm13.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/bom/ubm10.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/bom/ubm11.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/bom/ubm12.afm
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/bom
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs10.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs11.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs12.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs13.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs14.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs15.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs20.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs21.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs22.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs23.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs24.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs25.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs26.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs27.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs28.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs29.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs30.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs31.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs32.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs33.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs34.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs35.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs36.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs37.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs38.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs02.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo/ugs05.afm
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/gungseo
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/pilgi/upg10.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/pilgi/upg11.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/pilgi/upgb10.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/pilgi/upgb11.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/pilgi/upg00.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/pilgi/upgb00.afm
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/pilgi
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/pen/upn10.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/pen/upn13.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/pen/upn11.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/pen/upn12.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/pen/uph13.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/pen/uph10.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/pen/uph11.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/pen/uph12.afm
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/pen
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush10.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush11.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush12.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush13.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush14.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush15.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush20.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush21.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush22.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush23.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush24.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush25.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush26.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush27.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush28.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush29.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush30.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush31.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush32.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush33.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush34.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush35.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush36.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush37.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush38.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush02.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun/ush05.afm
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/shinmun
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/yetgul/uyt30.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/yetgul/uyt33.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/yetgul/uyt36.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/yetgul/uyt31.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/yetgul/uyt34.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/yetgul/uyt37.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/yetgul/uyt38.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/yetgul/uyt35.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/yetgul/uyt32.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/yetgul/uyt12.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/yetgul/uyt10.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/yetgul/uyt20.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/yetgul/uyt23.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/yetgul/uyt26.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/yetgul/uyt29.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/yetgul/uyt21.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/yetgul/uyt24.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/yetgul/uyt27.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/yetgul/uyt28.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/yetgul/uyt25.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/yetgul/uyt22.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/yetgul/uyt11.afm
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/yetgul
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/jamo/jgt10.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/jamo/jmj10.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/jamo/jsr10.afm
share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/jamo/jnv10.afm
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc/jamo
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/afm/uhc
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/graphic/ugrbc.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/graphic/ugrbco.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/graphic/ugrb.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/graphic/ugrbo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/graphic/ugrbu.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/graphic/ugrbuo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/graphic/ugrbx.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/graphic/ugrbxo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/graphic/ugrc.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/graphic/ugrco.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/graphic/ugr.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/graphic/ugro.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/graphic/ugru.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/graphic/ugruo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/graphic/ugrx.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/graphic/ugrxo.ofm
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/graphic
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/bom/ubmco.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/bom/ubmxo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/bom/ubmuo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/bom/ubmc.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/bom/ubmo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/bom/ubmx.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/bom/ubmu.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/bom/ubm.ofm
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/bom
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/gungseo/ugs.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/gungseo/ugso.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo.ofm
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/gungseo
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pilgi/upg.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pilgi/upgc.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pilgi/upgco.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pilgi/upgo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pilgi/upgu.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pilgi/upguo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pilgi/upgx.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pilgi/upgxo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pilgi/upgbco.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pilgi/upgbxo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pilgi/upgbuo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pilgi/upgbc.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pilgi/upgbo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pilgi/upgbx.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pilgi/upgbu.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pilgi/upgb.ofm
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pilgi
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pen/upnco.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pen/upnxo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pen/upnuo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pen/upnc.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pen/upno.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pen/upnx.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pen/upnu.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pen/upn.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pen/uphco.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pen/uphxo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pen/uphuo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pen/uphc.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pen/upho.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pen/uphx.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pen/uphu.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pen/uph.ofm
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/pen
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/shinmun/ushc.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/shinmun/ushco.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/shinmun/ush.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/shinmun/usho.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/shinmun/ushu.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/shinmun/ushx.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo.ofm
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/shinmun
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/yetgul/uytco.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/yetgul/uytxo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/yetgul/uytuo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/yetgul/uytc.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/yetgul/uyto.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/yetgul/uytx.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/yetgul/uytu.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/yetgul/uyt.ofm
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/yetgul
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jgtco.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jgtxo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jgtuo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jgtc.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jgto.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jgtx.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jgtu.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jgt.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jmjco.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jmjxo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jmjuo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jmjc.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jmjo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jmjx.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jmju.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jmj.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jsrco.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jsrxo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jsruo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jsrc.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jsro.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jsrx.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jsru.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jsr.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jnvco.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jnvxo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jnvuo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jnvc.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jnvo.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jnvx.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jnvu.ofm
share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo/jnv.ofm
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc/jamo
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/ofm/uhc
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/graphic/ugrbco.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/graphic/ugrbc.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/graphic/ugrbo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/graphic/ugrb.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/graphic/ugrbuo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/graphic/ugrbu.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/graphic/ugrbxo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/graphic/ugrbx.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/graphic/ugrco.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/graphic/ugrc.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/graphic/ugro.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/graphic/ugr.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/graphic/ugruo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/graphic/ugru.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/graphic/ugrxo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/graphic/ugrx.ovf
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/graphic
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/bom/ubmco.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/bom/ubmxo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/bom/ubmuo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/bom/ubmc.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/bom/ubmo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/bom/ubmx.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/bom/ubmu.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/bom/ubm.ovf
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/bom
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/gungseo/ugsco.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/gungseo/ugsc.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/gungseo/ugso.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/gungseo/ugs.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/gungseo/ugsu.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/gungseo/ugsx.ovf
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/gungseo
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pilgi/upg.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pilgi/upgc.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pilgi/upgco.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pilgi/upgo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pilgi/upgu.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pilgi/upguo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pilgi/upgx.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pilgi/upgxo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pilgi/upgbco.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pilgi/upgbxo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pilgi/upgbuo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pilgi/upgbc.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pilgi/upgbo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pilgi/upgbx.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pilgi/upgbu.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pilgi/upgb.ovf
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pilgi
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pen/upnco.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pen/upnxo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pen/upnuo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pen/upnc.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pen/upno.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pen/upnx.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pen/upnu.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pen/upn.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pen/uphco.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pen/uphxo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pen/uphuo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pen/uphc.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pen/upho.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pen/uphx.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pen/uphu.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pen/uph.ovf
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/pen
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/shinmun/ushco.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/shinmun/ushc.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/shinmun/usho.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/shinmun/ush.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/shinmun/ushuo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/shinmun/ushu.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/shinmun/ushxo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/shinmun/ushx.ovf
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/shinmun
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/yetgul/uytco.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/yetgul/uytxo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/yetgul/uytuo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/yetgul/uytc.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/yetgul/uyto.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/yetgul/uytx.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/yetgul/uytu.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/yetgul/uyt.ovf
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/yetgul
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jgtco.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jgtxo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jgtuo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jgtc.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jgto.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jgtx.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jgtu.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jgt.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jmjco.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jmjxo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jmjuo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jmjc.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jmjo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jmjx.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jmju.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jmj.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jsrco.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jsrxo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jsruo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jsrc.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jsro.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jsrx.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jsru.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jsr.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jnvco.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jnvxo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jnvuo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jnvc.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jnvo.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jnvx.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jnvu.ovf
share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo/jnv.ovf
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc/jamo
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/ovf/uhc
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugr02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugr05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugr10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugr11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugr12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugr13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugr14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugr15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugr16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugr17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugr18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrb02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrb05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrb10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrb11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrb12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrb13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrb14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrb15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrb16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrb17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrb18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbc02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbc05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbc10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbc11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbc12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbc13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbc14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbc15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbc16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbc17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbc18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbco02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbco05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbco10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbco11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbco12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbco13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbco14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbco15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbco16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbco17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbco18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbo02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbo05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbo12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbo13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbo14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbo15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbo16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbo17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbo18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbu02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbu05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbu10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbu11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbu12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbu13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbu14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbu15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbu16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbu17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbu18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbuo02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbuo05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbuo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbuo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbuo12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbuo13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbuo14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbuo15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbuo16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbuo17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbuo18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbx02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbx05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbx10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbx11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbx12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbx13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbx14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbx15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbx16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbx17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbx18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbxo02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbxo05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbxo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbxo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbxo12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbxo13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbxo14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbxo15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbxo16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbxo17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrbxo18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrc02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrc05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrc10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrc11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrc12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrc13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrc14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrc15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrc16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrc17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrc18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrco02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrco05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrco10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrco11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrco12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrco13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrco14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrco15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrco16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrco17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrco18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugro02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugro05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugro10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugro11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugro12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugro13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugro14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugro15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugro16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugro17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugro18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugru02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugru05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugru10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugru11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugru12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugru13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugru14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugru15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugru16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugru17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugru18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugruo02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgr0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgr1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgr2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgr3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgr4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgr5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgr6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgr7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgr8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgr9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrb0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrb1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrb2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrb3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrb4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrb5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrb6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrb7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrb8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrb9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbc0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbc1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbc2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbc3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbc4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbc5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbc6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbc7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbc8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbc9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbco0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbco1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbco2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbco3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbco4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbco5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbco6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbco7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbco8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbco9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbu0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbu1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbu2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbu3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbu4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbu5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbu6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbu7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbu8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbu9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbx0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbx1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbx2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbx3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbx4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbx5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbx6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbx7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbx8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbx9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrc0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrc1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrc2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrc3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrc4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrc5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrc6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrc7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrc8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrc9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrco0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrco1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrco2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrco3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrco4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrco5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrco6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrco7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrco8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrco9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgro0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgro1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgro2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgro3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgro4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgro5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgro6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgro7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgro8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgro9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgru0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgru1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgru2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgru3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgru4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgru5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgru6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgru7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgru8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgru9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgruo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgruo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgruo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgruo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgruo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgruo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgruo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgruo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgruo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgruo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrx0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrx1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrx2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrx3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrx4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrx5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrx6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrx7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrx8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrx9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrxo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrxo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrxo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrxo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrxo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrxo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrxo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrxo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrxo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrxo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugruo05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugruo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugruo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugruo12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugruo13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugruo14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugruo15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugruo16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugruo17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugruo18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrx02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrx05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrx10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrx11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrx12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrx13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrx14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrx15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrx16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrx17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrx18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrxo02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrxo05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrxo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrxo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrxo12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrxo13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrxo14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrxo15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrxo16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrxo17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/ugrxo18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgr04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgr05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgr06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgr07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrb04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrb05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrb06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrb07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbc04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbc05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbc06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbc07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbco04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbco05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbco06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbco07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbo04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbo05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbo06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbo07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbu04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbu05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbu06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbu07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbx04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbx05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbx06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbx07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrc04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrc05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrc06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrc07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrco04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrco05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrco06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrco07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgro04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgro05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgro06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgro07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgru04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgru05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgru06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgru07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgruo04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgruo05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgruo06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgruo07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrx04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrx05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrx06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrx07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrxo04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrxo05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrxo06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic/wgrxo07.tfm
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/graphic
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmco10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmco13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmxo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmxo13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmuo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmuo13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmco11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmxo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmuo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmco12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmxo12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmuo12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmc10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmc13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmo13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmx10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmx13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmu10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmu13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmc11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmx11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmu11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmc12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmo12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmx12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubmu12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubm10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubm13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubm11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/ubm12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmco0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmco3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmco6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmco9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmxo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmxo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmxo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmxo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmuo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmuo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmuo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmuo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmc0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmc6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmc3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmc9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmx6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmx0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmx3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmx9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmu0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmu3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmu6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmu9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmco1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmxo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmuo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmco4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmxo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmuo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmco7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmxo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmuo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmco8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmxo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmuo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmco5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmxo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmuo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmco2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmxo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmuo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbm0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbm3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbm6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbm9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmc1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmx1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmu1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmc4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmx4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmu4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmc7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmx7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmu7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmc8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmx8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmu8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmc5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmx5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmu5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmc2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmx2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbmu2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbm1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbm4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbm7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbm8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbm5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom/wbm2.tfm
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/bom
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs30.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs31.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs32.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs33.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs34.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs35.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs36.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs37.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugs38.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc30.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc31.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc32.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc33.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc34.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc35.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc36.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc37.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsc38.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco30.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco31.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco32.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco33.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco34.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco35.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco36.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco37.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsco38.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso30.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso31.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso32.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso33.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso34.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso35.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso36.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso37.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugso38.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu30.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu31.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu32.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu33.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu34.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu35.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu36.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu37.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsu38.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo30.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo31.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo32.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo33.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo34.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo35.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo36.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo37.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsuo38.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx30.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx31.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx32.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx33.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx34.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx35.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx36.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx37.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsx38.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs19.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc19.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco19.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso19.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu19.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo19.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx19.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo19.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo30.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo31.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo32.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo33.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo34.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo35.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo36.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo37.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/ugsxo38.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgs07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsc07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsco07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgso07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsu07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsx07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo07.tfm
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/gungseo
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgco00.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgxo00.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upguo00.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgc00.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgo00.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgx00.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgu00.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upg00.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgco10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgxo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upguo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgco11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgxo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upguo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgc10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgx10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgu10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgc11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgx11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgu11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upg10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upg11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgbco00.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgbxo00.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgbuo00.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgbc00.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgbo00.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgbx00.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgbu00.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgb00.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgbco10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgbxo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgbuo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgbco11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgbxo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgbuo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgbc10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgbo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgbx10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgbu10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgbc11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgbo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgbx11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgbu11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgb10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/upgb11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgco0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgco3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgco6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgco9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgxo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgxo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgxo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgxo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpguo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpguo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpguo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpguo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgc0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgc3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgc6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgc9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgx0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgx3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgx6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgx9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgu6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgu0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgu3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgu9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgco1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgxo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpguo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgco4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgxo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpguo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgco7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgxo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpguo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgco8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgxo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpguo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgco5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgxo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpguo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgco2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgxo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpguo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpg0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpg3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpg6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpg9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgc1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgx1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgu1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgc4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgx4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgu4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgc7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgx7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgu7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgc8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgx8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgu8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgc5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgx5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgu5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgc2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgx2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgu2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpg1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpg4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpg7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpg8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpg5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpg2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbco0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbco3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbco6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbco9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbxo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbxo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbxo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbxo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbuo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbuo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbuo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbuo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbc0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbc3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbc6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbc9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbx0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbx3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbx6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbx9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbu0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbu3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbu6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbu9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbco1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbxo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbuo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbco4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbxo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbuo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbco7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbxo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbuo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbco8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbxo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbuo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbco5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbxo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbuo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbco2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbxo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbuo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgb0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgb3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgb6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgb9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbc1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbx1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbu1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbc4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbx4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbu4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbc7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbx7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbu7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbc8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbx8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbu8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbc5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbx5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbu5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbc2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbx2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgbu2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgb1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgb4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgb7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgb8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgb5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi/wpgb2.tfm
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pilgi
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upnco10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upnco13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upnxo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upnxo13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upnuo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upnuo13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upnco11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upnxo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upnuo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upnco12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upnxo12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upnuo12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upnc10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upnc13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upno10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upno13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upnx10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upnx13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upnu10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upnu13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upnc11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upno11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upnx11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upnu11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upnc12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upno12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upnx12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upnu12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upn10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upn13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upn11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upn12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uphco10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uphco13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uphxo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uphxo13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uphuo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uphuo13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uphco11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uphxo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uphuo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uphco12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uphxo12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uphuo12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uphc10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uphc13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upho10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upho13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uphx10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uphx13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uphu10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uphu13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uphc11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upho11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uphx11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uphu11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uphc12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/upho12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uphx12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uphu12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uph10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uph13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uph11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/uph12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphco0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphco3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphco6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphco9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphxo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphxo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphxo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphxo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphuo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphuo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphuo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphuo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphc0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphc6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphc3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphc9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpho0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpho3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpho6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpho9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphx6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphx0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphx3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphx9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphu0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphu3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphu6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphu9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphco1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphxo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphuo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphco4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphxo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphuo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphco7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphxo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphuo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphco8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphxo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphuo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphco5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphxo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphuo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphco2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphxo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphuo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wph0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wph3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wph6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wph9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphc1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpho1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphx1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphu1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphc4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpho4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphx4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphu4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphc7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpho7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphx7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphu7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphc8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpho8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphx8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphu8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphc5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpho5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphx5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphu5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphc2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpho2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphx2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wphu2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wph1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wph4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wph7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wph8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wph5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wph2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnco0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnco3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnco6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnco9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnxo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnxo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnxo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnxo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnuo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnuo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnuo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnuo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnc0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnc3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnc6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnc9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpno0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnx0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpno3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpno6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpno9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnx3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnx6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnx9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnu0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnu3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnu6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnu9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnco1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnxo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnuo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnco4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnxo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnuo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnco7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnxo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnuo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnco8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnxo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnuo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnco5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnxo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnuo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnco2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnxo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnuo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpn0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpn3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpn6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpn9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnc1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpno1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnx1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnu1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnc4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpno4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnx4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnu4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnc7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpno7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnx7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnu7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnc8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpno8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnx8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnu8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnc5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpno5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnx5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnu5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnc2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpno2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnx2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpnu2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpn1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpn4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpn7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpn8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpn5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen/wpn2.tfm
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/pen
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush30.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush31.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush32.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush33.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush34.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush35.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush36.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush37.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ush38.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc30.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc31.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc32.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc33.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc34.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc35.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc36.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc37.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushc38.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco30.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco31.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco32.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco33.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco34.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco35.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco36.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco37.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushco38.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho30.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho31.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho32.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho33.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho34.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho35.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho36.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho37.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/usho38.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu30.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu31.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu32.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu33.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu34.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu35.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu36.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu37.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushu38.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo30.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo31.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo32.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo33.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo34.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo35.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo36.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo37.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushuo38.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx30.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx31.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx32.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx33.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx34.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx35.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx36.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx37.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushx38.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo02.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh19.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc19.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco19.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho19.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu19.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo19.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx19.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo19.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo30.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo31.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo32.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo33.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo34.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo35.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo36.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo37.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/ushxo38.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsh07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshc07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshco07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wsho07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshu07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshuo07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshx07.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo04.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo05.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo06.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun/wshxo07.tfm
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/shinmun
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytco30.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytco33.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytco36.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytxo30.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytxo33.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytxo36.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytuo30.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytuo33.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytuo36.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytc30.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytc33.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytc36.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyto30.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyto33.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyto36.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytx30.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytx33.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytx36.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytu30.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytu33.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytu36.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytco31.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytxo31.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytuo31.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytco34.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytxo34.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytuo34.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytco37.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytxo37.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytuo37.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytco38.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytxo38.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytuo38.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytco35.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytxo35.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytuo35.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytco32.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytxo32.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytuo32.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyt30.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyt33.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyt36.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytco10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytxo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytuo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytc31.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyto31.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytx31.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytu31.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytco11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytxo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytuo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytco12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytxo12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytuo12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytc34.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyto34.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytx34.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytu34.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytc37.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyto37.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytx37.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytu37.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytc38.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyto38.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytx38.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytu38.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytc35.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyto35.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytx35.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytu35.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytco20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytco23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytco26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytco29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytxo20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytxo23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytxo26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytxo29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytuo20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytuo23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytuo26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytuo29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytc32.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyto32.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytx32.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytu32.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytco21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytxo21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytuo21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytco24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytxo24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytuo24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytco27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytxo27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytuo27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytco28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytxo28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytuo28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytco25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytxo25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytuo25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytco22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytxo22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytuo22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytc10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyto10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytx10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytu10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyt31.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytc11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyto11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytx11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytu11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytc12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyto12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytx12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytu12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyt34.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyt37.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyt38.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyt35.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytc20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytc23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytc26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytc29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyto20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyto23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyto26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyto29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytx20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytx23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytx26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytx29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytu20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytu23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytu26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytu29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyt32.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytc21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyto21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytx21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytu21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytc24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyto24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytx24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytu24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytc27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyto27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytx27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytu27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytc28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyto28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytx28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytu28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytc25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyto25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytx25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytu25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytc22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyto22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytx22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uytu22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyt10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyt11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyt12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyt20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyt23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyt26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyt29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyt21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyt24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyt27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyt28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyt25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/uyt22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco19.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo19.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo19.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytco22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytxo22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytuo22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc19.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto19.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx19.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu19.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytc22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyto22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytx22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wytu22.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt13.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt16.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt19.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt11.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt14.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt17.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt18.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt15.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt12.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt23.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt20.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt26.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt29.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt21.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt24.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt27.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt28.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt25.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul/wyt22.tfm
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/yetgul
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jgtco10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jgtxo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jgtuo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jgtc10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jgto10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jgtx10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jgtu10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jgt10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jmjco10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jmjxo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jmjuo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jmjc10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jmjo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jmjx10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jmju10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jmj10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jsrco10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jsrxo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jsruo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jsrc10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jsro10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jsrx10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jsru10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jsr10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jnvco10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jnvxo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jnvuo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jnvc10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jnvo10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jnvx10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jnvu10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/jnv10.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtco0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtco3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtco6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtco9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtxo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtxo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtxo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtxo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtuo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtuo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtuo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtuo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtc0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtc3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtc6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtc9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgto0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgto3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgto6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgto9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtx0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtx3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtx6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtx9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtu0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtu3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtu6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtu9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtco1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtxo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtuo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtco4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtxo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtuo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtco7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtxo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtuo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtco8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtxo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtuo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtco5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtxo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtuo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtco2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtxo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtuo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgt6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgt0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgt3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgt9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtc1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgto1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtx1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtu1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtc4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgto4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtx4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtu4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtc7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgto7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtx7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtu7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtc8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgto8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtx8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtu8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtc5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgto5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtx5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtu5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtc2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgto2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtx2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgtu2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgt1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgt4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgt7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgt8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgt5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjgt2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjco0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjco3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjco6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjco9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjxo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjxo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjxo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjxo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjuo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjuo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjuo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjuo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjc0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjc3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjc6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjc9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjx0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjx3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjx6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjx9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmju0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmju3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmju6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmju9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjco1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjxo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjuo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjco4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjxo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjuo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjco7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjxo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjuo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjco8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjxo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjuo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjco5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjxo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjuo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjco2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjxo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjuo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmj0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmj3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmj6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmj9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjc1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjx1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmju1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjc4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjx4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmju4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjc7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjx7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmju7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjc8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjx8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmju8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjc5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjx5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmju5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjc2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmjx2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmju2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmj1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmj4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmj7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmj8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmj5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjmj2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrco0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrco3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrco6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrco9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrxo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrxo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrxo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrxo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsruo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsruo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsruo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsruo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrc0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrc3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrc6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrc9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsro0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsro3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsro6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsro9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrx0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrx3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrx6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrx9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsru0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsru3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsru6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsru9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrco1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrxo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsruo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrco4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrxo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsruo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrco7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrxo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsruo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrco8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrxo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsruo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrco5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrxo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsruo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrco2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrxo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsruo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsr6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsr0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsr3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsr9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrc1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsro1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrx1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsru1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrc4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsro4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrx4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsru4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrc7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsro7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrx7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsru7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrc8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsro8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrx8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsru8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrc5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsro5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrx5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsru5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrc2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsro2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsrx2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsru2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsr1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsr4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsr7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsr8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsr5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjsr2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvco0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvco3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvco6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvco9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvxo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvxo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvxo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvxo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvuo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvuo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvuo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvuo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvc0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvc3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvc6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvc9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvo0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvo3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvo6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvo9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvx0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvx3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvx6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvx9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvu0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvu3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvu6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvu9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvco1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvxo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvuo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvco4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvxo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvuo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvco7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvxo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvuo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvco8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvxo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvuo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvco5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvxo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvuo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvco2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvxo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvuo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnv6.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnv0.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnv3.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnv9.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvc1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvo1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvx1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvu1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvc4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvo4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvx4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvu4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvc7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvo7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvx7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvu7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvc8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvo8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvx8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvu8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvc5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvo5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvx5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvu5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvc2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvo2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvx2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnvu2.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnv1.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnv4.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnv7.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnv8.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnv5.tfm
share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo/wjnv2.tfm
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc/jamo
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/tfm/uhc
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/graphic/ugr17.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/graphic/ugr18.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/graphic/ugr10.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/graphic/ugr11.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/graphic/ugr12.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/graphic/ugr13.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/graphic/ugr14.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/graphic/ugr15.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/graphic/ugr16.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/graphic/ugrb10.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/graphic/ugrb11.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/graphic/ugrb12.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/graphic/ugrb13.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/graphic/ugrb14.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/graphic/ugrb15.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/graphic/ugrb16.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/graphic/ugrb17.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/graphic/ugrb18.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/graphic/ugr05.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/graphic/ugrb02.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/graphic/ugr02.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/graphic/ugrb05.pfb
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/graphic
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/bom/ubm10.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/bom/ubm13.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/bom/ubm11.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/bom/ubm12.pfb
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/bom
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs10.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs11.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs12.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs13.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs14.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs15.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs20.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs21.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs22.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs23.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs24.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs25.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs26.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs27.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs28.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs29.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs30.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs31.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs32.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs33.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs34.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs35.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs36.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs37.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs38.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs02.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo/ugs05.pfb
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/gungseo
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/pilgi/upg10.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/pilgi/upg11.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/pilgi/upgb10.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/pilgi/upgb11.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/pilgi/upg00.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/pilgi/upgb00.pfb
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/pilgi
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/pen/upn10.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/pen/upn13.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/pen/upn11.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/pen/upn12.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/pen/uph13.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/pen/uph10.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/pen/uph11.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/pen/uph12.pfb
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/pen
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush10.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush11.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush12.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush13.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush14.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush15.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush20.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush21.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush22.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush23.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush24.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush25.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush26.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush27.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush28.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush29.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush30.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush31.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush32.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush33.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush34.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush35.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush36.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush37.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush38.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush02.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun/ush05.pfb
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/shinmun
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/yetgul/uyt30.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/yetgul/uyt33.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/yetgul/uyt36.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/yetgul/uyt31.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/yetgul/uyt34.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/yetgul/uyt37.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/yetgul/uyt38.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/yetgul/uyt35.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/yetgul/uyt32.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/yetgul/uyt10.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/yetgul/uyt11.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/yetgul/uyt12.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/yetgul/uyt20.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/yetgul/uyt23.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/yetgul/uyt26.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/yetgul/uyt29.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/yetgul/uyt21.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/yetgul/uyt24.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/yetgul/uyt27.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/yetgul/uyt28.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/yetgul/uyt25.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/yetgul/uyt22.pfb
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/yetgul
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/jamo/jgt10.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/jamo/jmj10.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/jamo/jsr10.pfb
share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/jamo/jnv10.pfb
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc/jamo
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/type1/uhc
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgr0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgr1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgr2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgr3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgr4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgr5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgr6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgr7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgr8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgr9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrb0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrb1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrb2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrb3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrb4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrb5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrb6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrb7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrb8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrb9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbc0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbc1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbc2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbc3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbc4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbc5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbc6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbc7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbc8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbc9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbco0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbco1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbco2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbco3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbco4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbco5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbco6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbco7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbco8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbco9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbu0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbu1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbu2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbu3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbu4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbu5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbu6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbu7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbu8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbu9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbx0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbx1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbx2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbx3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbx4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbx5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbx6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbx7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbx8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbx9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrc0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrc1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrc2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrc3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrc4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrc5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrc6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrc7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrc8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrc9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrco0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrco1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrco2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrco3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrco4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrco5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrco6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrco7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrco8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrco9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgro0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgro1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgro2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgro3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgro4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgro5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgro6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgro7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgro8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgro9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgru0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgru1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgru2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgru3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgru4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgru5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgru6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgru7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgru8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgru9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgruo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgruo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgruo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgruo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgruo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgruo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgruo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgruo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgruo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgruo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrx0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrx1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrx2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrx3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrx4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrx5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrx6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrx7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrx8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrx9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrxo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrxo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrxo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrxo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrxo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrxo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrxo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrxo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrxo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrxo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgr04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgr05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgr06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgr07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrb04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrb05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrb06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrb07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbc04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbc05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbc06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbc07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbco04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbco05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbco06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbco07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbo04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbo05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbo06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbo07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbu04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbu05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbu06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbu07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbuo07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbx04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbx05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbx06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbx07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrbxo07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrc04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrc05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrc06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrc07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrco04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrco05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrco06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrco07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgro04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgro05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgro06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgro07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgru04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgru05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgru06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgru07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgruo04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgruo05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgruo06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgruo07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrx04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrx05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrx06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrx07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrxo04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrxo05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrxo06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic/wgrxo07.vf
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/graphic
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmco0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmco3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmco6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmco9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmxo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmxo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmxo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmxo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmuo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmuo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmuo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmuo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmc0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmc3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmc6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmc9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmx0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmx3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmx6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmx9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmu0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmu3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmu6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmu9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmco1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmxo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmuo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmco4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmxo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmuo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmco7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmxo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmuo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmco8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmxo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmuo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmco5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmxo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmuo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmco2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmxo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmuo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbm0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbm3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbm6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbm9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmc1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmx1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmu1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmc4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmx4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmu4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmc7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmx7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmu7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmc8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmx8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmu8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmc5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmx5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmu5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmc2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmx2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbmu2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbm1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbm4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbm7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbm8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbm5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom/wbm2.vf
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/bom
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs10.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs11.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs12.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs13.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs14.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs15.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs16.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs17.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs18.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs19.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs20.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs21.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs22.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs23.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs24.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs25.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs26.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs27.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs28.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs29.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc10.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc11.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc12.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc13.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc14.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc15.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc16.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc17.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc18.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc19.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc20.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc21.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc22.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc23.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc24.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc25.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc26.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc27.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc28.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc29.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco10.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco11.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco12.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco13.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco14.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco15.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco16.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco17.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco18.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco19.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco20.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco21.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco22.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco23.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco24.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco25.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco26.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco27.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco28.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco29.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso10.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso11.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso12.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso13.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso14.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso15.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso16.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso17.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso18.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso19.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso20.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso21.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso22.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso23.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso24.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso25.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso26.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso27.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso28.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso29.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu10.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu11.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu12.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu13.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu14.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu15.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu16.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu17.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu18.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu19.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu20.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu21.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu22.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu23.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu24.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu25.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu26.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu27.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu28.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu29.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo10.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo11.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo12.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo13.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo14.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo15.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo16.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo17.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo18.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo19.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo20.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo21.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo22.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo23.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo24.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo25.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo26.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo27.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo28.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo29.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx10.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx11.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx12.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx13.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx14.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx15.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx16.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx17.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx18.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx19.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx20.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx21.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx22.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx23.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx24.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx25.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx26.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx27.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx28.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx29.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo10.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo11.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo12.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo13.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo14.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo15.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo16.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo17.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo18.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo19.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo20.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo21.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo22.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo23.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo24.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo25.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo26.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo27.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo28.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo29.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgs07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsc07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsco07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgso07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsu07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsuo07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsx07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo/wgsxo07.vf
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/gungseo
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgco0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgco3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgco6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgco9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgxo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgxo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgxo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgxo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpguo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpguo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpguo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpguo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgc0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgc3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgc6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgc9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgx0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgx3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgx6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgx9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgu0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgu3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgu6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgu9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgco1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgxo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpguo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgco4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgxo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpguo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgco7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgxo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpguo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgco8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgxo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpguo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgco5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgxo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpguo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgco2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgxo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpguo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpg0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpg3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpg6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpg9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgc1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgx1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgu1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgc4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgx4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgu4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgc7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgx7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgu7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgc8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgx8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgu8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgc5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgx5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgu5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgc2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgx2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgu2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpg1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpg4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpg7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpg8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpg5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpg2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbco0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbco3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbco6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbco9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbxo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbxo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbxo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbxo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbuo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbuo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbuo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbuo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbc0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbc3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbc6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbc9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbx3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbx6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbx9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbx0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbu3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbu6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbu9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbu0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbco1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbxo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbuo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbco4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbxo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbuo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbco7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbxo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbuo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbco8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbxo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbuo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbco5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbxo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbuo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbco2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbxo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbuo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgb0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgb3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgb6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgb9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbc1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbx1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbu1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbc4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbx4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbu4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbc7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbx7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbu7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbc8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbx8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbu8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbc5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbx5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbu5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbc2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbx2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgbu2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgb1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgb4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgb7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgb8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgb5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi/wpgb2.vf
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pilgi
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphco0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphco3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphco6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphco9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphxo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphxo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphxo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphxo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphuo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphuo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphuo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphuo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphc0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphc3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphc6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphc9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpho0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpho3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpho6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpho9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphx0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphx3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphx6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphx9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphu0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphu3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphu6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphu9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphco1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphxo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphuo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphco4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphxo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphuo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphco7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphxo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphuo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphco8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphxo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphuo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphco5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphxo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphuo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphco2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphxo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphuo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wph0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wph3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wph6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wph9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphc1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpho1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphx1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphu1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphc4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpho4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphx4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphu4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphc7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpho7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphx7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphu7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphc8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpho8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphx8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphu8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphc5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpho5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphx5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphu5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphc2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpho2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphx2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wphu2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wph1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wph4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wph7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wph8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wph5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wph2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnco0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnco3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnco6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnco9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnxo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnxo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnxo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnxo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnuo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnuo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnuo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnuo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnc0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnc3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnc6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnc9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpno0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpno3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpno6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpno9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnx0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnx3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnx6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnx9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnu0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnu3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnu6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnu9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnco1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnxo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnuo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnco4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnxo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnuo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnco7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnxo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnuo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnco8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnxo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnuo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnco5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnxo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnuo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnco2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnxo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnuo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpn0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpn3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpn6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpn9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnc1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpno1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnx1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnu1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnc4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpno4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnx4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnu4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnc7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpno7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnx7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnu7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnc8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpno8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnx8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnu8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnc5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpno5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnx5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnu5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnc2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpno2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnx2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpnu2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpn1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpn4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpn7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpn8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpn5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen/wpn2.vf
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/pen
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh10.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh11.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh12.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh13.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh14.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh15.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh16.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh17.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh18.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh19.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh20.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh21.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh22.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh23.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh24.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh25.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh26.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh27.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh28.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh29.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc10.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc11.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc12.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc13.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc14.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc15.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc16.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc17.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc18.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc19.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc20.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc21.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc22.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc23.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc24.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc25.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc26.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc27.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc28.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc29.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco10.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco11.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco12.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco13.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco14.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco15.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco16.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco17.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco18.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco19.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco20.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco21.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco22.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco23.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco24.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco25.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco26.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco27.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco28.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco29.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho10.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho11.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho12.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho13.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho14.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho15.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho16.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho17.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho18.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho19.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho20.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho21.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho22.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho23.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho24.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho25.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho26.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho27.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho28.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho29.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu10.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu11.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu12.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu13.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu14.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu15.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu16.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu17.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu18.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu19.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu20.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu21.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu22.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu23.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu24.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu25.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu26.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu27.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu28.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu29.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo10.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo11.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo12.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo13.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo14.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo15.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo16.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo17.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo18.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo19.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo20.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo21.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo22.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo23.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo24.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo25.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo26.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo27.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo28.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo29.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx10.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx11.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx12.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx13.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx14.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx15.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx16.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx17.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx18.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx19.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx20.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx21.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx22.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx23.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx24.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx25.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx26.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx27.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx28.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx29.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo10.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo11.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo12.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo13.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo14.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo15.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo16.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo17.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo18.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo19.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo20.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo21.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo22.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo23.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo24.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo25.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo26.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo27.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo28.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo29.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsh07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshc07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshco07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wsho07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshu07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshuo07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshx07.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo04.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo05.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo06.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun/wshxo07.vf
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/shinmun
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco13.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco16.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco19.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco10.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo10.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo13.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo16.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo19.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo13.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo16.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo19.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo10.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco11.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo11.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo11.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco14.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo14.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo14.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco17.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo17.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo17.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco18.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo18.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo18.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco15.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo15.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo15.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco12.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo12.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo12.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco20.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco23.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco26.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco29.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo20.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo23.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo26.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo29.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo20.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo23.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo26.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo29.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco21.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo21.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo21.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco24.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo24.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo24.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco27.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo27.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo27.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco28.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo28.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo28.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco25.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo25.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo25.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytco22.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytxo22.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytuo22.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc10.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc13.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc16.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc19.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto10.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto13.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto16.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto19.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx10.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx13.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx16.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx19.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu13.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu16.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu19.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu10.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc11.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto11.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx11.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu11.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc14.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto14.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx14.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu14.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc17.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto17.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx17.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu17.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc18.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto18.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx18.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu18.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc15.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto15.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx15.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu15.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc12.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto12.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx12.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu12.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc20.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc23.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc26.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc29.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto20.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto23.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto26.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto29.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx20.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx23.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx26.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx29.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu20.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu23.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu26.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu29.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc21.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto21.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx21.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu21.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc24.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto24.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx24.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu24.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc27.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto27.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx27.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu27.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc28.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto28.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx28.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu28.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc25.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto25.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx25.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu25.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytc22.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyto22.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytx22.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wytu22.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt10.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt13.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt16.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt19.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt11.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt14.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt17.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt18.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt15.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt12.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt20.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt23.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt26.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt29.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt21.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt24.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt27.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt28.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt25.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul/wyt22.vf
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/yetgul
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtco3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtco6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtco9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtco0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtxo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtxo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtxo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtxo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtuo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtuo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtuo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtuo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtc3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtc6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtc9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtc0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgto0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgto3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgto6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgto9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtx0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtx3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtx6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtx9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtu0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtu3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtu6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtu9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtco1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtxo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtuo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtco4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtxo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtuo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtco7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtxo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtuo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtco8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtxo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtuo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtco5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtxo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtuo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtco2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtxo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtuo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgt0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgt3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgt6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgt9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtc1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgto1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtx1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtu1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtc4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgto4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtx4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtu4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtc7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgto7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtx7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtu7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtc8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgto8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtx8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtu8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtc5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgto5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtx5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtu5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtc2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgto2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtx2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgtu2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgt1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgt4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgt7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgt8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgt5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjgt2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjco0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjco3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjco6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjco9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjxo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjxo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjxo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjxo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjuo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjuo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjuo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjuo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjc0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjc3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjc6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjc9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjx0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjx3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjx6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjx9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmju0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmju3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmju6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmju9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjco1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjxo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjuo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjco4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjxo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjuo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjco7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjxo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjuo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjco8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjxo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjuo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjco5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjxo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjuo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjco2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjxo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjuo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmj0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmj3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmj6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmj9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjc1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjx1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmju1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjc4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjx4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmju4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjc7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjx7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmju7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjc8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjx8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmju8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjc5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjx5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmju5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjc2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmjx2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmju2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmj1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmj4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmj7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmj8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmj5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjmj2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrco3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrco6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrco9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrco0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrxo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrxo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrxo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrxo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsruo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsruo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsruo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsruo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrc3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrc6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrc9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrc0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsro0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsro3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsro6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsro9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrx0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrx3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrx6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrx9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsru0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsru3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsru6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsru9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrco1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrxo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsruo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrco4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrxo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsruo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrco7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrxo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsruo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrco8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrxo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsruo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrco5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrxo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsruo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrco2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrxo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsruo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsr0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsr3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsr6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsr9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrc1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsro1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrx1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsru1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrc4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsro4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrx4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsru4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrc7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsro7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrx7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsru7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrc8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsro8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrx8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsru8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrc5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsro5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrx5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsru5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrc2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsro2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsrx2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsru2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsr1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsr4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsr7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsr8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsr5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjsr2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvco3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvco6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvco9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvco0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvxo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvxo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvxo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvxo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvuo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvuo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvuo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvuo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvc3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvc6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvc9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvc0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvo0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvo3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvo6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvo9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvx0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvx3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvx6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvx9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvu0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvu3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvu6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvu9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvco1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvxo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvuo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvco4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvxo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvuo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvco7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvxo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvuo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvco8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvxo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvuo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvco5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvxo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvuo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvco2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvxo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvuo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnv0.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnv3.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnv6.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnv9.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvc1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvo1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvx1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvu1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvc4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvo4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvx4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvu4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvc7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvo7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvx7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvu7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvc8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvo8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvx8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvu8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvc5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvo5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvx5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvu5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvc2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvo2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvx2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnvu2.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnv1.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnv4.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnv7.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnv8.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnv5.vf
share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo/wjnv2.vf
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc/jamo
@dirrm share/texmf/fonts/vf/uhc
@exec env PATH=%D/bin:$PATH %D/bin/texhash
@unexec env PATH=%D/bin:$PATH %D/bin/texhash
