                     README for Mini SQL Version 2.0
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Welcome to the production release of Mini SQL 2.0!  The 2.0 code has
been undergoing Beta testing for many months now and has proven to be
stable enough for a production release.  Development and bug fixing will
continue as problems are identified so please check our web site
regularly for upates at http://www.Hughes.com.au/

As the software has now officially left the Beta test stage, it is being
released as a commercial package.  The software may be evaluated for 14
days before a license fee is due.  If you continue to use the software
after 14 days you are required to pay a licnese fee.  To license your
copy of mSQL 2.0, simply print out the invoice form located in the doc/
directory of this distribution and return it with payment to us either
via postal mail or via fax.  Our fax number and postal address has
changed since the 1.x release so please check the details before sending
your payment.


FreeBSD-specific port notes
---------------------------

The port of mSQL 1.x lived in its own tree, /usr/local/Minerva.  At the
time, mSQL was a part of a larger project called Minerva, to which other
tools would be added.  These other tools would also live in
/usr/local/Minerva.

As of the 2.x release of mSQL, the author of mSQL has put many of these
tools into the base mSQL distribution, and so it is no longer feasible to
have the program live in its own directory.

So, in keeping with the BSD directory tree structure, you will find the
following changes between the "official" mSQL 2.x distribution and the
FreeBSD port :


Documentation states:			Port uses:
=====================			==========================
/usr/local/Hughes			/usr/local
/usr/local/Hughes/msqldb		/var/db/msqldb
/usr/local/Hughes/msql2.sock            /var/spool/msql/msql2.sock
/usr/local/Hughes/msql2.pid             /var/spool/msql/msql2.pid
/usr/local/Hughes/msql.conf		/usr/local/etc/msql2/msql.conf
/usr/local/Hughes/msql.acl		/usr/local/etc/msql2/msql.acl

To start the daemon, run /usr/local/etc/rc.d/msql2 as root.  This will
start the daemon as the 'msql' user to make sure that the access permissions
are correct.  This script will be executed upon system startup.

Remember that mSQL is not free for use.  Please see
/usr/local/share/doc/msql/License for details.
