bin/coq-interface
bin/coq-interface.opt
bin/coq-tex
bin/coq_makefile
bin/coqc
bin/coqdep
bin/coqdoc
%%IDE%%bin/coqide
%%IDE%%bin/coqide.byte
%%IDE%%bin/coqide.opt
bin/coqmktop
bin/coqtop
bin/coqtop.byte
bin/coqtop.opt
bin/coqwc
bin/gallina
bin/parser
bin/parser.opt
lib/coq/contrib/field/LegacyField.vo
lib/coq/contrib/field/LegacyField_Compl.vo
lib/coq/contrib/field/LegacyField_Tactic.vo
lib/coq/contrib/field/LegacyField_Theory.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/contrib/field
lib/coq/contrib/fourier/Fourier.vo
lib/coq/contrib/fourier/Fourier_util.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/contrib/fourier
lib/coq/contrib/interface/vernacrc
@dirrm lib/coq/contrib/interface
lib/coq/contrib/omega/Omega.vo
lib/coq/contrib/omega/OmegaLemmas.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/contrib/omega
lib/coq/contrib/recdef/Recdef.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/contrib/recdef
lib/coq/contrib/ring/LegacyArithRing.vo
lib/coq/contrib/ring/LegacyNArithRing.vo
lib/coq/contrib/ring/LegacyRing.vo
lib/coq/contrib/ring/LegacyRing_theory.vo
lib/coq/contrib/ring/LegacyZArithRing.vo
lib/coq/contrib/ring/Quote.vo
lib/coq/contrib/ring/Ring_abstract.vo
lib/coq/contrib/ring/Ring_normalize.vo
lib/coq/contrib/ring/Setoid_ring.vo
lib/coq/contrib/ring/Setoid_ring_normalize.vo
lib/coq/contrib/ring/Setoid_ring_theory.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/contrib/ring
lib/coq/contrib/romega/ROmega.vo
lib/coq/contrib/romega/ReflOmegaCore.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/contrib/romega
lib/coq/contrib/rtauto/Bintree.vo
lib/coq/contrib/rtauto/Rtauto.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/contrib/rtauto
lib/coq/contrib/setoid_ring/ArithRing.vo
lib/coq/contrib/setoid_ring/BinList.vo
lib/coq/contrib/setoid_ring/Field.vo
lib/coq/contrib/setoid_ring/Field_tac.vo
lib/coq/contrib/setoid_ring/Field_theory.vo
lib/coq/contrib/setoid_ring/InitialRing.vo
lib/coq/contrib/setoid_ring/NArithRing.vo
lib/coq/contrib/setoid_ring/RealField.vo
lib/coq/contrib/setoid_ring/Ring.vo
lib/coq/contrib/setoid_ring/Ring_base.vo
lib/coq/contrib/setoid_ring/Ring_equiv.vo
lib/coq/contrib/setoid_ring/Ring_polynom.vo
lib/coq/contrib/setoid_ring/Ring_tac.vo
lib/coq/contrib/setoid_ring/Ring_theory.vo
lib/coq/contrib/setoid_ring/ZArithRing.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/contrib/setoid_ring
lib/coq/contrib/subtac/FixSub.vo
lib/coq/contrib/subtac/FunctionalExtensionality.vo
lib/coq/contrib/subtac/Heq.vo
lib/coq/contrib/subtac/Subtac.vo
lib/coq/contrib/subtac/SubtacTactics.vo
lib/coq/contrib/subtac/Utils.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/contrib/subtac
@dirrm lib/coq/contrib
lib/coq/contrib.cma
lib/coq/contrib.cmxa
lib/coq/grammar.cma
lib/coq/highparsing.cma
lib/coq/highparsing.cmxa
lib/coq/hightactics.cma
lib/coq/hightactics.cmxa
lib/coq/ide/.coqide-gtk2rc
lib/coq/ide/FAQ
lib/coq/ide/coq.png
lib/coq/ide/utf8.v
lib/coq/ide/utf8.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/ide
lib/coq/interp.cma
lib/coq/interp.cmxa
lib/coq/kernel.cma
lib/coq/kernel.cmxa
lib/coq/lib.cma
lib/coq/lib.cmxa
lib/coq/library.cma
lib/coq/library.cmxa
lib/coq/parsing.cma
lib/coq/parsing.cmxa
lib/coq/pretyping.cma
lib/coq/pretyping.cmxa
lib/coq/proofs.cma
lib/coq/proofs.cmxa
lib/coq/states/initial.coq
@dirrm lib/coq/states
lib/coq/tactics.cma
lib/coq/tactics.cmxa
lib/coq/theories/Arith/Arith.vo
lib/coq/theories/Arith/Arith_base.vo
lib/coq/theories/Arith/Between.vo
lib/coq/theories/Arith/Bool_nat.vo
lib/coq/theories/Arith/Compare.vo
lib/coq/theories/Arith/Compare_dec.vo
lib/coq/theories/Arith/Div2.vo
lib/coq/theories/Arith/EqNat.vo
lib/coq/theories/Arith/Euclid.vo
lib/coq/theories/Arith/Even.vo
lib/coq/theories/Arith/Factorial.vo
lib/coq/theories/Arith/Gt.vo
lib/coq/theories/Arith/Le.vo
lib/coq/theories/Arith/Lt.vo
lib/coq/theories/Arith/Max.vo
lib/coq/theories/Arith/Min.vo
lib/coq/theories/Arith/Minus.vo
lib/coq/theories/Arith/Mult.vo
lib/coq/theories/Arith/Peano_dec.vo
lib/coq/theories/Arith/Plus.vo
lib/coq/theories/Arith/Wf_nat.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/theories/Arith
lib/coq/theories/Bool/Bool.vo
lib/coq/theories/Bool/BoolEq.vo
lib/coq/theories/Bool/Bvector.vo
lib/coq/theories/Bool/DecBool.vo
lib/coq/theories/Bool/IfProp.vo
lib/coq/theories/Bool/Sumbool.vo
lib/coq/theories/Bool/Zerob.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/theories/Bool
lib/coq/theories/FSets/FMapAVL.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/FMapFacts.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/FMapIntMap.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/FMapInterface.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/FMapList.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/FMapPositive.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/FMapWeak.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/FMapWeakFacts.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/FMapWeakInterface.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/FMapWeakList.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/FMaps.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/FSetAVL.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/FSetBridge.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/FSetEqProperties.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/FSetFacts.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/FSetInterface.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/FSetList.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/FSetProperties.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/FSetToFiniteSet.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/FSetWeak.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/FSetWeakFacts.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/FSetWeakInterface.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/FSetWeakList.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/FSetWeakProperties.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/FSets.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/OrderedType.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/OrderedTypeAlt.vo
lib/coq/theories/FSets/OrderedTypeEx.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/theories/FSets
lib/coq/theories/Init/Datatypes.vo
lib/coq/theories/Init/Logic.vo
lib/coq/theories/Init/Logic_Type.vo
lib/coq/theories/Init/Notations.vo
lib/coq/theories/Init/Peano.vo
lib/coq/theories/Init/Prelude.vo
lib/coq/theories/Init/Specif.vo
lib/coq/theories/Init/Tactics.vo
lib/coq/theories/Init/Wf.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/theories/Init
lib/coq/theories/IntMap/Adalloc.vo
lib/coq/theories/IntMap/Allmaps.vo
lib/coq/theories/IntMap/Fset.vo
lib/coq/theories/IntMap/Lsort.vo
lib/coq/theories/IntMap/Map.vo
lib/coq/theories/IntMap/Mapaxioms.vo
lib/coq/theories/IntMap/Mapc.vo
lib/coq/theories/IntMap/Mapcanon.vo
lib/coq/theories/IntMap/Mapcard.vo
lib/coq/theories/IntMap/Mapfold.vo
lib/coq/theories/IntMap/Mapiter.vo
lib/coq/theories/IntMap/Maplists.vo
lib/coq/theories/IntMap/Mapsubset.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/theories/IntMap
lib/coq/theories/Lists/List.vo
lib/coq/theories/Lists/ListSet.vo
lib/coq/theories/Lists/ListTactics.vo
lib/coq/theories/Lists/MonoList.vo
lib/coq/theories/Lists/SetoidList.vo
lib/coq/theories/Lists/Streams.vo
lib/coq/theories/Lists/TheoryList.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/theories/Lists
lib/coq/theories/Logic/Berardi.vo
lib/coq/theories/Logic/ChoiceFacts.vo
lib/coq/theories/Logic/Classical.vo
lib/coq/theories/Logic/ClassicalChoice.vo
lib/coq/theories/Logic/ClassicalDescription.vo
lib/coq/theories/Logic/ClassicalEpsilon.vo
lib/coq/theories/Logic/ClassicalFacts.vo
lib/coq/theories/Logic/ClassicalUniqueChoice.vo
lib/coq/theories/Logic/Classical_Pred_Set.vo
lib/coq/theories/Logic/Classical_Pred_Type.vo
lib/coq/theories/Logic/Classical_Prop.vo
lib/coq/theories/Logic/Classical_Type.vo
lib/coq/theories/Logic/ConstructiveEpsilon.vo
lib/coq/theories/Logic/Decidable.vo
lib/coq/theories/Logic/DecidableType.vo
lib/coq/theories/Logic/DecidableTypeEx.vo
lib/coq/theories/Logic/Diaconescu.vo
lib/coq/theories/Logic/Eqdep.vo
lib/coq/theories/Logic/EqdepFacts.vo
lib/coq/theories/Logic/Eqdep_dec.vo
lib/coq/theories/Logic/Hurkens.vo
lib/coq/theories/Logic/JMeq.vo
lib/coq/theories/Logic/ProofIrrelevance.vo
lib/coq/theories/Logic/ProofIrrelevanceFacts.vo
lib/coq/theories/Logic/RelationalChoice.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/theories/Logic
lib/coq/theories/NArith/BinNat.vo
lib/coq/theories/NArith/BinPos.vo
lib/coq/theories/NArith/NArith.vo
lib/coq/theories/NArith/Ndec.vo
lib/coq/theories/NArith/Ndigits.vo
lib/coq/theories/NArith/Ndist.vo
lib/coq/theories/NArith/Nnat.vo
lib/coq/theories/NArith/Pnat.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/theories/NArith
lib/coq/theories/QArith/QArith.vo
lib/coq/theories/QArith/QArith_base.vo
lib/coq/theories/QArith/Qcanon.vo
lib/coq/theories/QArith/Qreals.vo
lib/coq/theories/QArith/Qreduction.vo
lib/coq/theories/QArith/Qring.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/theories/QArith
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Alembert.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/AltSeries.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/ArithProp.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Binomial.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Cauchy_prod.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Cos_plus.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Cos_rel.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/DiscrR.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Exp_prop.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Integration.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/LegacyRfield.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/MVT.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/NewtonInt.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/PSeries_reg.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/PartSum.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/RIneq.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/RList.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/R_Ifp.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/R_sqr.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/R_sqrt.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Ranalysis.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Ranalysis1.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Ranalysis2.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Ranalysis3.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Ranalysis4.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Raxioms.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Rbase.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Rbasic_fun.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Rcomplete.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Rdefinitions.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Rderiv.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Reals.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Rfunctions.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Rgeom.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/RiemannInt.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/RiemannInt_SF.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Rlimit.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Rpow_def.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Rpower.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Rprod.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Rseries.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Rsigma.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Rsqrt_def.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Rtopology.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Rtrigo.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Rtrigo_alt.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Rtrigo_calc.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Rtrigo_def.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Rtrigo_fun.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Rtrigo_reg.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/SeqProp.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/SeqSeries.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/SplitAbsolu.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/SplitRmult.vo
lib/coq/theories/Reals/Sqrt_reg.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/theories/Reals
lib/coq/theories/Relations/Newman.vo
lib/coq/theories/Relations/Operators_Properties.vo
lib/coq/theories/Relations/Relation_Definitions.vo
lib/coq/theories/Relations/Relation_Operators.vo
lib/coq/theories/Relations/Relations.vo
lib/coq/theories/Relations/Rstar.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/theories/Relations
lib/coq/theories/Setoids/Setoid.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/theories/Setoids
lib/coq/theories/Sets/Classical_sets.vo
lib/coq/theories/Sets/Constructive_sets.vo
lib/coq/theories/Sets/Cpo.vo
lib/coq/theories/Sets/Ensembles.vo
lib/coq/theories/Sets/Finite_sets.vo
lib/coq/theories/Sets/Finite_sets_facts.vo
lib/coq/theories/Sets/Image.vo
lib/coq/theories/Sets/Infinite_sets.vo
lib/coq/theories/Sets/Integers.vo
lib/coq/theories/Sets/Multiset.vo
lib/coq/theories/Sets/Partial_Order.vo
lib/coq/theories/Sets/Permut.vo
lib/coq/theories/Sets/Powerset.vo
lib/coq/theories/Sets/Powerset_Classical_facts.vo
lib/coq/theories/Sets/Powerset_facts.vo
lib/coq/theories/Sets/Relations_1.vo
lib/coq/theories/Sets/Relations_1_facts.vo
lib/coq/theories/Sets/Relations_2.vo
lib/coq/theories/Sets/Relations_2_facts.vo
lib/coq/theories/Sets/Relations_3.vo
lib/coq/theories/Sets/Relations_3_facts.vo
lib/coq/theories/Sets/Uniset.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/theories/Sets
lib/coq/theories/Sorting/Heap.vo
lib/coq/theories/Sorting/PermutEq.vo
lib/coq/theories/Sorting/PermutSetoid.vo
lib/coq/theories/Sorting/Permutation.vo
lib/coq/theories/Sorting/Sorting.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/theories/Sorting
lib/coq/theories/Strings/Ascii.vo
lib/coq/theories/Strings/String.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/theories/Strings
lib/coq/theories/Wellfounded/Disjoint_Union.vo
lib/coq/theories/Wellfounded/Inclusion.vo
lib/coq/theories/Wellfounded/Inverse_Image.vo
lib/coq/theories/Wellfounded/Lexicographic_Exponentiation.vo
lib/coq/theories/Wellfounded/Lexicographic_Product.vo
lib/coq/theories/Wellfounded/Transitive_Closure.vo
lib/coq/theories/Wellfounded/Union.vo
lib/coq/theories/Wellfounded/Well_Ordering.vo
lib/coq/theories/Wellfounded/Wellfounded.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/theories/Wellfounded
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/BinInt.vo
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/Int.vo
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/Wf_Z.vo
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/ZArith.vo
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/ZArith_base.vo
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/ZArith_dec.vo
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/Zabs.vo
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/Zbinary.vo
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/Zbool.vo
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/Zcompare.vo
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/Zcomplements.vo
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/Zdiv.vo
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/Zeven.vo
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/Zhints.vo
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/Zlogarithm.vo
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/Zmax.vo
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/Zmin.vo
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/Zminmax.vo
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/Zmisc.vo
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/Znat.vo
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/Znumtheory.vo
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/Zorder.vo
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/Zpow_def.vo
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/Zpower.vo
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/Zsqrt.vo
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/Zwf.vo
lib/coq/theories/ZArith/auxiliary.vo
@dirrm lib/coq/theories/ZArith
@dirrm lib/coq/theories
lib/coq/tools/coqdoc/coqdoc.css
lib/coq/tools/coqdoc/coqdoc.sty
@dirrm lib/coq/tools/coqdoc
@dirrm lib/coq/tools
lib/coq/toplevel.cma
lib/coq/toplevel.cmxa
@exec mkdir -p %D/lib/coq/user-contrib
@dirrm lib/coq/user-contrib
@dirrm lib/coq
share/emacs/site-lisp/coq-inferior.el
share/emacs/site-lisp/coq.el
share/emacs/site-lisp/coqdoc.sty
