@comment $FreeBSD$
include/bglibs/adt/common.h
include/bglibs/adt/ghash.h
include/bglibs/adt/gqueue.h
include/bglibs/adt/gstack.h
@dirrm include/bglibs/adt
include/bglibs/base64/base64.h
@dirrm include/bglibs/base64
include/bglibs/cdb/cdb.h
include/bglibs/cdb/make.h
include/bglibs/cdb/str.h
@dirrm include/bglibs/cdb
include/bglibs/cli/cli.h
@dirrm include/bglibs/cli
include/bglibs/crc/crc32.h
include/bglibs/crc/crc64.h
@dirrm include/bglibs/crc
include/bglibs/crypto/md5.h
include/bglibs/crypto/sha1.h
include/bglibs/crypto/sha256.h
include/bglibs/crypto/sha384.h
include/bglibs/crypto/sha512.h
@dirrm include/bglibs/crypto
include/bglibs/dict/dict.h
include/bglibs/dict/load.h
@dirrm include/bglibs/dict
include/bglibs/installer.h
include/bglibs/iobuf/iobuf.h
@dirrm include/bglibs/iobuf
include/bglibs/misc/misc.h
@dirrm include/bglibs/misc
include/bglibs/msg/msg.h
include/bglibs/msg/wrap.h
@dirrm include/bglibs/msg
include/bglibs/net/ipv4.h
include/bglibs/net/resolve.h
include/bglibs/net/socket.h
@dirrm include/bglibs/net
include/bglibs/path/path.h
@dirrm include/bglibs/path
include/bglibs/pwcmp/client.h
include/bglibs/pwcmp/hex.h
include/bglibs/pwcmp/module.h
@dirrm include/bglibs/pwcmp
include/bglibs/str/iter.h
include/bglibs/str/str.h
@dirrm include/bglibs/str
include/bglibs/sysdeps.h
include/bglibs/systime.h
include/bglibs/uint16.h
include/bglibs/uint32.h
include/bglibs/uint64.h
include/bglibs/uintnn.h
include/bglibs/unix/nonblock.h
include/bglibs/unix/sig.h
@dirrm include/bglibs/unix
include/bglibs/vmailmgr/client.h
include/bglibs/vmailmgr/vpwentry.h
@dirrm include/bglibs/vmailmgr
@dirrm include/bglibs
lib/libbase64/base64.a
@dirrm lib/libbase64
lib/libbg-adt.a
lib/libbg-base64.a
lib/libbg-cdb.a
lib/libbg-cli.a
lib/libbg-crc.a
lib/libbg-crypto.a
lib/libbg-dict.a
lib/libbg-installer.a
lib/libbg-instcheck.a
lib/libbg-instshow.a
lib/libbg-iobuf.a
lib/libbg-misc.a
lib/libbg-msg.a
lib/libbg-net.a
lib/libbg-path.a
lib/libbg-str.a
lib/libbg-sysdeps.a
lib/libbg-unix.a
lib/libcdb/cdb.a
lib/libcdb/make.a
lib/libcdb/str.a
@dirrm lib/libcdb
lib/libcli/cli.a
@dirrm lib/libcli
lib/libcrypto/md5.a
lib/libcrypto/sha1.a
lib/libcrypto/sha256.a
lib/libcrypto/sha512a.a
@dirrm lib/libcrypto
lib/libdict/dict.a
lib/libdict/load.a
@dirrm lib/libdict
lib/libinstaller.a
lib/libinstcheck.a
lib/libinstshow.a
lib/libiobuf/iobuf.a
lib/libiobuf/str.a
@dirrm lib/libiobuf
lib/libmisc/misc.a
@dirrm lib/libmisc
lib/libmsg/msg.a
lib/libmsg/wrap.a
@dirrm lib/libmsg
lib/libnet/ipv4.a
lib/libnet/resolve.a
lib/libnet/socket.a
@dirrm lib/libnet
lib/libpath/path.a
@dirrm lib/libpath
lib/libpwcmp-module.a
lib/libpwcmp.a
lib/libpwcmp/client.a
lib/libpwcmp/hex.a
lib/libpwcmp/module.a
@dirrm lib/libpwcmp
lib/libstr/iter.a
lib/libstr/str.a
@dirrm lib/libstr
lib/libsysdeps.a
lib/libunix/nonblock.a
lib/libunix/sig.a
@dirrm lib/libunix
lib/libvmailmgr.a
lib/libvmailmgr/client.a
lib/libvmailmgr/vpwentry.a
@dirrm lib/libvmailmgr
%%PORTDOCS%%%%DOCSDIR%%/NEWS
%%PORTDOCS%%%%DOCSDIR%%/README
%%PORTDOCS%%%%DOCSDIR%%/TODO
%%PORTDOCS%%@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%
