libexec/polymake/Makefile.devel
@exec sed -e 's:PREFIX=.*:PREFIX=%D:' %D/%F >%B/Makefile
@unexec rm -f %B/Makefile
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/CubeFacets.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/GraphAdapter.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/HDEmbedder.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/SchlegelWindow.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/SimpleGeometryParser.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/SpringEmbedder.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/SpringEmbedderBase.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/SpringEmbedderBase.tcc
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/SpringEmbedderWindow.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/beneath_beyond.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/beneath_beyond.tcc
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/bipartite.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/bipartite.tcc
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/bisector.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/cdd_interface.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/cdd_interface_impl.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/ch_client.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/connected.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/connected.tcc
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/diameter.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/diameter.tcc
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/face_lattice_tools.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/graph_compare.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/hypersimplex.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/labels.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/lp_client.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/lrs_interface.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/max_cliques.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/schlegel_common.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/shortest_path_bf.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/shortest_path_common.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/shortest_path_dijkstra.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/include/transform.h
share/polymake/apps/polytope/perllib/PostscriptGale.pm
share/polymake/apps/polytope/perllib/VisualGale.pm
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/azove.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/bastat.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/common.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/comparing.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/construction.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/flag_vector.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/float.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/framework.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/gale.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/geomview.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/javaview.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/javaview_interactive.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/jreality.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/lp.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/lp_float.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/lp_properties.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/lp_rational.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/main.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/plausible.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/polarize.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/polytope_properties.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/porta.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/postscript.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/povray.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/propagated_polytope.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/qhull.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/rational.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/schlegel.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/splitstree.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/steiner.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/tight_span.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/topcom.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/vinci.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/visual.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/visual_framework.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/visual_graph.rules
share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules/voronoi.rules
share/polymake/apps/surface/rules/common.rules
share/polymake/apps/surface/rules/javaview.rules
share/polymake/apps/surface/rules/jreality.rules
share/polymake/apps/surface/rules/main.rules
share/polymake/apps/surface/rules/morse_matching.rules
share/polymake/apps/surface/rules/povray.rules
share/polymake/apps/surface/rules/surface_properties.rules
share/polymake/apps/surface/rules/visual.rules
share/polymake/apps/topaz/include/1D_tools.tcc
share/polymake/apps/topaz/include/2D_tools.tcc
share/polymake/apps/topaz/include/3D_tools.tcc
share/polymake/apps/topaz/include/BistellarComplex.h
share/polymake/apps/topaz/include/ChainComplex.h
share/polymake/apps/topaz/include/FiniteFields.h
share/polymake/apps/topaz/include/SimplicialComplex_as_FaceMap.h
share/polymake/apps/topaz/include/Smith_normal_form.h
share/polymake/apps/topaz/include/barycentric_subdivision.h
share/polymake/apps/topaz/include/complex_tools.h
share/polymake/apps/topaz/include/complex_tools.tcc
share/polymake/apps/topaz/include/connected_sum.h
share/polymake/apps/topaz/include/connected_sum.tcc
share/polymake/apps/topaz/include/is_sphere_h.h
share/polymake/apps/topaz/include/is_sphere_h.tcc
share/polymake/apps/topaz/include/merge_vertices.h
share/polymake/apps/topaz/include/morse_matching_tools.h
share/polymake/apps/topaz/include/orientation.h
share/polymake/apps/topaz/include/orientation.tcc
share/polymake/apps/topaz/include/read_int_args.h
share/polymake/apps/topaz/include/read_str_args.h
share/polymake/apps/topaz/include/read_str_args.tcc
share/polymake/apps/topaz/include/subcomplex_tools.tcc
share/polymake/apps/topaz/include/t_graph.h
share/polymake/apps/topaz/include/t_graph.tcc
share/polymake/apps/topaz/rules/common.rules
share/polymake/apps/topaz/rules/comparing.rules
share/polymake/apps/topaz/rules/complex_properties.rules
share/polymake/apps/topaz/rules/construction.rules
share/polymake/apps/topaz/rules/gap.rules
share/polymake/apps/topaz/rules/homology.rules
share/polymake/apps/topaz/rules/main.rules
share/polymake/apps/topaz/rules/morse_matching.rules
share/polymake/apps/topaz/rules/visual.rules
bin/polymake
%%DOCSDIR%%/about.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/applications.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apply-patch.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/clients.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/images/24-cell-jv.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/images/c45.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/images/coord.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/images/european-cities-bg.jpg
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/images/european-cities-ts.jpg
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/images/hyper52-t.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/images/infinitesimal_motions_1.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/images/laman_minus_one.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/images/laman_minus_one_EXPANSIVE.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/images/linear_program.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/images/my_framework1.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/images/random.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/images/s3xs3.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/images/snub-blau.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/lib/solver.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/links.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/model.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/object_types.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/FloatPolytope/object_properties.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/Framework/object_methods.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/Framework/object_properties.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/Framework/object_tutorial.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/Polytope/object_methods.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/Polytope/object_properties.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/PropagatedPolytope/object_properties.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/RationalPolytope/object_properties.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/SchlegelDiagram/object_methods.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/SchlegelDiagram/object_properties.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/TightSpan/object_methods.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/TightSpan/object_properties.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/TightSpan/object_tutorial.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/Visual/Framework/visual_suppl.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/Visual/Polytope/visual_suppl.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/Visual/PolytopeGraph/visual_suppl.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/Visual/PolytopeLattice/visual_suppl.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/Visual/Schlegel/visual_suppl.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/VoronoiDiagram/object_methods.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/VoronoiDiagram/object_properties.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/pref_labels.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/tutorial.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/user_functions.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/utilities.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/surface/clients.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/surface/images/g5.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/surface/images/g5_mm.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/surface/images/g5_mm_fl.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/surface/object_types.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/surface/objects/Surface/object_methods.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/surface/objects/Surface/object_properties.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/surface/objects/Visual/Surface/visual_suppl.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/surface/objects/Visual/SurfaceLattice/visual_suppl.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/surface/pref_labels.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/surface/samples/quad_surface.surf
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/surface/tutorial.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/surface/user_functions.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/surface/utilities.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/clients.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/images/kb.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/images/mm.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/images/morse_torus.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/images/morse_torus.jvd
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/images/morse_torus.jvx
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/images/pile_with_boundary.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/images/rand_sphere_poly.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/images/rand_sphere_topaz.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/images/rnd_knot.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/images/sphere1.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/images/sphere2.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/images/subd_triang.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/images/tetra.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/images/torus.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/images/trefoil.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/images/unknot.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/model.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/object_types.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/objects/SimplicialComplex/object_methods.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/objects/SimplicialComplex/object_properties.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/objects/Visual/SimplicialComplex/visual_suppl.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/objects/Visual/SimplicialComplexLattice/visual_suppl.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/pref_labels.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/tutorial.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/user_functions.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/utilities.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/apps/visual_attrs.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/calling_script.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/client_devel.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/copyright.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/cover.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/customization.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/datafile.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/developer_top.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/dhtml/contents.js
%%DOCSDIR%%/dhtml/images/collapse.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/dhtml/images/expand.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/dhtml/images/scroll_down.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/dhtml/images/scroll_up.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/dhtml/navigation.js
%%DOCSDIR%%/dhtml/navigation_DOM.js
%%DOCSDIR%%/dhtml/navigation_DOM_IE.js
%%DOCSDIR%%/dhtml/recognize_browser.js
%%DOCSDIR%%/download.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/external.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/full_index.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/global.css
%%DOCSDIR%%/help.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/images/front.jpg
%%DOCSDIR%%/images/front.png
%%DOCSDIR%%/images/icon.xpm
%%DOCSDIR%%/images/icon16.xpm
%%DOCSDIR%%/images/new.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/images/polymake-150.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/images/polymake.gif
%%DOCSDIR%%/images/polymake.ico
%%DOCSDIR%%/index.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/install-full.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/install-port.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/install-rpm.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/AVL.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/Array.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/Bitset.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/EquivalenceRelation.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/FaceMap.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/FacetList.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/GenericIO.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/Graph.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/HasseDiagram.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/IncidenceMatrix.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/Incidence_top.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/Map.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/Map_top.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/Matrix.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/Poly.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/PowerSet.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/STL-like_algo.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/Set.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/Set_top.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/Vector.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/advanced_features.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/algo.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/building_blocks.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/compile.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/debug.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/enums.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/gmp_wrapper.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/linalg.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/manip_container.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/operations.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/overview.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/random.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/top_level.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/lib/union.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/logo.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/navigation.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/navigation_noscript.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/perl/Object.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/perl/Pipe.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/perl/Scope.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/perl/Struct.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/perl/User.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/perl/extensions.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/perl/namespaces.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/perl/overload.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/perl/utils.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/polymake.bib
%%DOCSDIR%%/prerequisites.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/prod_rules.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/property_decl.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/property_types.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/publications.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/rules.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/scripting.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/title.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/user_top.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/visual_backend.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/visual_frontend.html
%%DOCSDIR%%/visualization.html
share/polymake/jars/common.jar
share/polymake/jars/graph.jar
share/polymake/jars/polytope.jar
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/AVL.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/Array.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/Bitset.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/CascadedContainer.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/ContainerChain.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/ContainerUnion.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/EmbeddedList.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/EquivalenceRelation.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/FaceMap.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/FacetList.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/Fibonacci.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/GenericGraph.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/GenericIO.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/GenericIncidenceMatrix.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/GenericMatrix.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/GenericSet.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/GenericStruct.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/GenericVector.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/Graph.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/HasseDiagram.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/Heap.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/IncidenceMatrix.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/Incidence_and_SparseMatrix.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/IndexDispenser.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/IndexedSubgraph.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/IndexedSubset.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/Integer.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/ListMatrix.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/Map.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/Matrix.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/Monomial.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/MultiDimCounter.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/MultiDimCounter.tcc
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/Polynomial.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/PowerSet.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/RandomSubset.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/Rational.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/SelectedSubset.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/Series.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/Set.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/SparseMatrix.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/SparseVector.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/TransformedContainer.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/Vector.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/argv_options.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/assoc.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/color.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/color.tcc
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/comparators.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/comparators_basic_defs.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/comparators_ops.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/constructors.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/converters.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/converters_basic_defs.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/dense_linalg.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/extend_algo.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/inlines_int.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/iterator_zipper.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/iterators.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/linalg.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/linalg_exceptions.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/matrix_methods.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/nothing.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/operations.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/operations_basic_defs.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/ostream_wrapper.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/permutations.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/plausible_checks.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/ports/hash_adapter.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/ports/type_traits.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/ppair.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/random_generators.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/shared_object.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/sparse.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/sparse2d.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/sparse2d_ruler.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/sparse_linalg.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/std/bits/c++allocator.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/std/bits/stl_alloc.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/std/ext/defines.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/std/ext/hash_map
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/std/ext/hash_set
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/std/fstream
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/std/list
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/std/map
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/std/pipestream.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/std/set
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/std/socketstream.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/std/vector
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/std/xmemory
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/stopwatch.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/tree_containers.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/type_manip.h
share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/type_union.h
share/polymake/lib/gmp_wrapper/include/Integer.h
share/polymake/lib/gmp_wrapper/include/Rational.h
share/polymake/lib/gmp_wrapper/include/gmp_init.h
libexec/polymake/lib/libpoly.a
libexec/polymake/lib/libpolytope.a
libexec/polymake/lib/libtopaz.a
share/polymake/lib/poly_client/include/CharBuffer.h
share/polymake/lib/poly_client/include/PlainParser.h
share/polymake/lib/poly_client/include/Poly.h
share/polymake/lib/poly_client/include/Polybuf.h
share/polymake/modules/common/perllib/BackgroundViewer.pm
share/polymake/modules/common/perllib/Geomview.pm
share/polymake/modules/common/perllib/JReality.def
share/polymake/modules/common/perllib/JReality.pm
share/polymake/modules/common/perllib/JRealityViewer.pm
share/polymake/modules/common/perllib/JavaView.def
share/polymake/modules/common/perllib/JavaView.pm
share/polymake/modules/common/perllib/JavaViewInteractiveViewer.pm
share/polymake/modules/common/perllib/JavaViewStaticViewer.pm
share/polymake/modules/common/perllib/Postscript.pm
share/polymake/modules/common/perllib/Povray.pm
share/polymake/modules/common/perllib/SplitsTree.pm
share/polymake/modules/common/perllib/Visual.pm
share/polymake/modules/common/perllib/VisualPointSet.pm
share/polymake/modules/common/perllib/VisualPolygon.pm
share/polymake/modules/common/perllib/VisualUtilities.pm
share/polymake/modules/common/rules/basic_help
share/polymake/modules/common/rules/coord_functions
share/polymake/modules/common/rules/formatting_filters
share/polymake/modules/common/rules/geomview.rules
share/polymake/modules/common/rules/javaview.rules
share/polymake/modules/common/rules/javaview_configure
share/polymake/modules/common/rules/javaview_interactive.rules
share/polymake/modules/common/rules/jreality.rules
share/polymake/modules/common/rules/jreality_configure
share/polymake/modules/common/rules/main.rules
share/polymake/modules/common/rules/postscript.rules
share/polymake/modules/common/rules/povray.rules
share/polymake/modules/common/rules/utilities
share/polymake/modules/common/rules/visual.rules
share/polymake/modules/graph/perllib/Graphviz.pm
share/polymake/modules/graph/perllib/MetapostGraph.pm
share/polymake/modules/graph/perllib/PostscriptGraph.pm
share/polymake/modules/graph/perllib/VisualGraph.pm
share/polymake/modules/graph/perllib/VisualLattice.pm
share/polymake/modules/graph/rules/geomview.rules
share/polymake/modules/graph/rules/graphviz.rules
share/polymake/modules/graph/rules/javaview.rules
share/polymake/modules/graph/rules/javaview_interactive.rules
share/polymake/modules/graph/rules/jreality.rules
share/polymake/modules/graph/rules/main.rules
share/polymake/modules/graph/rules/metapost.rules
share/polymake/modules/graph/rules/postscript.rules
share/polymake/modules/graph/rules/povray.rules
share/polymake/modules/graph/rules/visual.rules
share/polymake/perl/Enum.pm
share/polymake/perl/Poly.pm
share/polymake/perl/Poly/Application.pm
share/polymake/perl/Poly/BackgroundProcess.pm
share/polymake/perl/Poly/Customize.pm
share/polymake/perl/Poly/Ext.pm
share/polymake/perl/Poly/File.pm
share/polymake/perl/Poly/Help.pm
share/polymake/perl/Poly/Module.pm
share/polymake/perl/Poly/Object.pm
share/polymake/perl/Poly/Overload.pm
share/polymake/perl/Poly/Pipe.pm
share/polymake/perl/Poly/Preference.pm
share/polymake/perl/Poly/ProgramPipe.pm
share/polymake/perl/Poly/Property.pm
share/polymake/perl/Poly/PropertyValue.pm
share/polymake/perl/Poly/Prototype.pm
share/polymake/perl/Poly/Rule.pm
share/polymake/perl/Poly/Scheduler.pm
share/polymake/perl/Poly/Scheduler_debug.pm
share/polymake/perl/Poly/Scope.pm
share/polymake/perl/Poly/Server.pm
share/polymake/perl/Poly/Shell.pm
share/polymake/perl/Poly/Sockets.pm
share/polymake/perl/Poly/Tempfile.pm
share/polymake/perl/Poly/User.pm
share/polymake/perl/Poly/regex.pl
share/polymake/perl/Struct.pm
share/polymake/perl/Switches.pm
share/polymake/perl/namespaces.pm
share/polymake/povray/polymake-scene.pov
share/polymake/povray/polymake-scene2.pov
share/polymake/povray/polypov.ini
share/polymake/scripts/grow_complex
share/polymake/scripts/half_projection
share/polymake/scripts/list_all_properties
share/polymake/scripts/overlaid_drawing
share/polymake/scripts/polytope_completeness
share/polymake/scripts/proj-maple
share/polymake/scripts/random_hirsch
share/polymake/scripts/show_facets
share/polymake/scripts/transformation
share/polymake/scripts/triangulation_volumes
share/polymake/scripts/visual_unbounded
share/polymake/support/build.make
share/polymake/support/install.pl
share/polymake/support/java.make
share/polymake/support/utils.make
libexec/polymake/perlx/%%PERL_VERSION%%/%%PERL_REAL_ARCH%%/auto/Poly/Ext/.packlist
libexec/polymake/perlx/%%PERL_VERSION%%/%%PERL_REAL_ARCH%%/auto/Poly/Ext/Ext.bs
libexec/polymake/perlx/%%PERL_VERSION%%/%%PERL_REAL_ARCH%%/auto/Poly/Ext/Ext.so
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/2-face-sizes
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/2-face-sizes-simple
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/24-cell
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/600-cell
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/Goldfarb
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/altshuler_det
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/associahedron
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/basis_compare
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/beneath_beyond
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/binary-markov-graph
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/bipyramid
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/birkhoff
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/blending
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/bounding_box
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/canonical_coord
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/cayley_embedding
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/cd_index
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/cdd_ch_client
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/cdd_ch_float_client
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/cdd_lp_client
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/cdd_lp_float_client
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/cdd_redund_client
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/center
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/centroid
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/check_inc
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/clip_graph
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/compress_incidence
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/congruent_polytopes
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/conv
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/cross
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/cube
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/cubical_h_vector
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/cyclic
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/cyclic_caratheodory
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/dgraph
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/dim_from_incidence
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/dimension
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/does_contain
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/dwarfed_cube
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/dwarfed_product_polygons
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/edge_colored_bounded_graph
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/edge_directions
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/edge_middle
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/expansive_motions
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/f2_vector
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/face_lattice
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/facet
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/facets_from_incidence
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/flag_vector
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/framework
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/gale_transform
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/gale_vertices
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/graph_from_face_lattice
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/graph_from_incidence
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/graph_from_vertices
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/h_vector
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/hasse_diagram
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/hypersimplex
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/incidence
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/infinitesimal_motions
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/inner_point
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/intersection
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/is_lattice
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/isomorphic_polytopes
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/k-cyclic
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/lrs_ch_client
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/lrs_lp_client
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/lrs_redund_client
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/mapping_polytope
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/metric2hyp_triang
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/metric2poly
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/minimal_vertex_angle
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/minkowski_sum
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/multiplex
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/n-gon
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/neighborly_cubical
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/neighbors_cyclic_normal
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/nn_crust
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/nullspace
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/one_vertex
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/orthantify
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/orthantify2
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/p_bound
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/p_proj
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/permutahedron
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/pile
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/polarize
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/poly2lp
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/poly2metric
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/prism
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/product
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/projective_transformation
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/pseudo-simplex
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/pvolume
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/pyramid
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/rand
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/rand01
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/rand_aof
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/rand_sphere
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/rand_vert
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/random_edge_epl
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/regular_triangulation
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/rel_int_point
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/revert
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/revert_section
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/rigid_components_of_patterns
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/rigidity_matrix
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/schlegel_interactive
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/schlegel_params
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/schlegel_transform
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/schlegel_vertices
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/schlegel_vertices_on_facet
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/simplex
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/spherize
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/splits
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/stack
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/steiner_point_all
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/steiner_point_graph
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/stellar_all_faces
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/stellar_indep_faces
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/sum-product
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/toric_g_vector
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/triang_boundary
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/triang_sign
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/truncation
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/ts-max-metric
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/ts-min-metric
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/tutte_lifting
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/unirand
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/vertex_barycenter
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/vertex_colors
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/vertex_figure
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/vertex_permutation
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/voronoi
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/wedge
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/wreath
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/zonotope
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin/zonotope_facets
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
share/polymake/apps/polytope/scripts/lp2poly
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
share/polymake/apps/polytope/scripts/porta2poly
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
share/polymake/apps/polytope/scripts/rand_polytopes
libexec/polymake/apps/surface/bin/neighbors_cyclic
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/surface/bin/poly2surf
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/surface/bin/rotation_scheme
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
share/polymake/apps/surface/scripts/obj2surf
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/alexander_dual
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/ball
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/barycentric_subdivision
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/bistellar
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/boundary_complex
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/boundary_of_pseudo_manifold
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/cone
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/connected_sum
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/crosscut_complex
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/cube_complex
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/deletion
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/disjoint_union
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/edge_contraction
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/extract_subcomplex
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/faces_to_facets
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/facets_consistency
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/facets_from_hasse_diagram
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/flag_complex
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/fundamental_group
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/glue_induced_subcomplexes
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/h_induced_quotient
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/induced_subcomplex
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/intersection_form
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/is_ball
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/is_ball_h
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/is_ball_or_sphere
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/is_ball_or_sphere_h
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/is_closed_pseudo_manifold
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/is_locally_strongly_connected
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/is_manifold
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/is_manifold_h
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/is_pseudo_manifold
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/is_sphere
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/is_sphere_h
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/is_vert_dec
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/isomorphic_complexes
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/k_skeleton
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/klein_bottle
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/knot_complex
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/labels_consistency
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/lawler
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/minimal_non_faces
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/morse_matching
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/morse_matching_critical_faces
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/morse_matching_n_critical_faces
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/morse_matching_size
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/n_vertices
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/odd_complex
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/odd_complex_of_manifold
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/orientation
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/projective_plane
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/projectivities
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/rand_knot
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/sphere
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/stellar_subd_face
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/stiefel_whitney
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/surf2top
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/suspension
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/t_balanced_prism
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/t_dual_graph
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/t_f_vector
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/t_graph
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/t_hasse_diagram
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/t_homology
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/t_join
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/t_link
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/t_mixed_graph
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/t_signature
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/t_simplicial_product
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/t_staircase
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/t_star
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/t_surface
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/t_union
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/t_volume
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/torus
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/triangulation_complex
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin/unknot
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/modules/common/bin/rational_float
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/modules/common/bin/rational_integer
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/modules/graph/bin/bipartite
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/modules/graph/bin/bounded_embedder
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/modules/graph/bin/connected
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/modules/graph/bin/connected_comp
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/modules/graph/bin/connectivity
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/modules/graph/bin/diameter
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/modules/graph/bin/edge_lengths
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/modules/graph/bin/greedy_coloring
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/modules/graph/bin/hd_embedder
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/modules/graph/bin/induced_subgraph
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/modules/graph/bin/isomorphic_graphs
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/modules/graph/bin/max_cliques
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/modules/graph/bin/poly2leda_graph
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/modules/graph/bin/se_interactive
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/modules/graph/bin/spring_embedder
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
libexec/polymake/modules/graph/bin/triangle_free
@exec ln -s %D/%F %D/bin
@unexec rm -f %D/bin/%f
@dirrm libexec/polymake/perlx/%%PERL_VERSION%%/%%PERL_REAL_ARCH%%/auto/Poly/Ext
@dirrm libexec/polymake/perlx/%%PERL_VERSION%%/%%PERL_REAL_ARCH%%/auto/Poly
@dirrm libexec/polymake/perlx/%%PERL_VERSION%%/%%PERL_REAL_ARCH%%/auto
@dirrm libexec/polymake/perlx/%%PERL_VERSION%%/%%PERL_REAL_ARCH%%
@dirrm libexec/polymake/perlx/%%PERL_VERSION%%
@dirrm share/polymake/support
@dirrm share/polymake/scripts
@dirrm share/polymake/povray
@dirrm libexec/polymake/perlx
@dirrm share/polymake/perl/Poly
@dirrm share/polymake/perl
@dirrm share/polymake/modules/graph/rules
@dirrm share/polymake/modules/graph/perllib
@dirrm libexec/polymake/modules/graph/bin
@dirrm libexec/polymake/modules/graph
@dirrm share/polymake/modules/graph
@dirrm share/polymake/modules/common/rules
@dirrm share/polymake/modules/common/perllib
@dirrm libexec/polymake/modules/common/bin
@dirrm libexec/polymake/modules/common
@dirrm share/polymake/modules/common
@dirrm libexec/polymake/modules
@dirrm share/polymake/modules
@dirrm share/polymake/lib/poly_client/include
@dirrm share/polymake/lib/poly_client
@dirrm share/polymake/lib/gmp_wrapper/include
@dirrm share/polymake/lib/gmp_wrapper
@dirrm share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/std/ext
@dirrm share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/std/bits
@dirrm share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/std
@dirrm share/polymake/lib/PTL/include/ports
@dirrm share/polymake/lib/PTL/include
@dirrm share/polymake/lib/PTL
@dirrm libexec/polymake/lib
@dirrm share/polymake/lib
@dirrm share/polymake/jars
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/perl
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/lib
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/images
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/dhtml/images
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/dhtml
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/objects/Visual/SimplicialComplexLattice
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/objects/Visual/SimplicialComplex
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/objects/Visual
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/objects/SimplicialComplex
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/objects
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz/images
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/topaz
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/surface/samples
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/surface/objects/Visual/SurfaceLattice
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/surface/objects/Visual/Surface
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/surface/objects/Visual
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/surface/objects/Surface
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/surface/objects
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/surface/images
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/surface
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/VoronoiDiagram
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/Visual/Schlegel
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/Visual/PolytopeLattice
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/Visual/PolytopeGraph
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/Visual/Polytope
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/Visual/Framework
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/Visual
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/TightSpan
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/SchlegelDiagram
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/RationalPolytope
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/PropagatedPolytope
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/Polytope
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/Framework
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects/FloatPolytope
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/objects
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/lib
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope/images
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps/polytope
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%/apps
@dirrm %%DOCSDIR%%
@dirrm share/polymake/apps/topaz/rules
@dirrm share/polymake/apps/topaz/include
@dirrm libexec/polymake/apps/topaz/bin
@dirrm libexec/polymake/apps/topaz
@dirrm share/polymake/apps/topaz
@dirrm share/polymake/apps/surface/scripts
@dirrm share/polymake/apps/surface/rules
@dirrm libexec/polymake/apps/surface/bin
@dirrm libexec/polymake/apps/surface
@dirrm share/polymake/apps/surface
@dirrm share/polymake/apps/polytope/scripts
@dirrm share/polymake/apps/polytope/rules
@dirrm share/polymake/apps/polytope/perllib
@dirrm share/polymake/apps/polytope/include
@dirrm libexec/polymake/apps/polytope/bin
@dirrm libexec/polymake/apps/polytope
@dirrm share/polymake/apps/polytope
@dirrm libexec/polymake/apps
@dirrm share/polymake/apps
@dirrm libexec/polymake
@dirrm share/polymake
