This is XLISP-STAT 3.44 Release 3 for generic bsd systems (with simple
tektronix graphics from the gnuplot system), or X11.

XLISP-STAT is a statistical environment based on a dialect of the Lisp
language called XLISP. Originally developed for the Apple Macintosh,
XLISP-STAT is now also available for UNIX workstations using the X11
window system and for Microsoft Windows. To facilitate statistical
computations, standard Lisp functions for addition, logarithms, etc.,
have been modified to operate on lists and arrays of numbers, and a
number of basic statistical functions have been added.  Many of these
functions have been written in Lisp, and additional functions can be
added easily by a user.  Several basic forms of plots, including
histograms, scatterplots, rotatable plots and scatterplot matrices are
provided.  These plots support various forms of interactive
highlighting operations and can be linked so points highlighted in one
plot will be highlighted in all linked plots. Interactions with the
plots are controlled by the mouse, menus and dialog boxes. An
object-oriented programming system is used to allow menus, dialogs,
and the response to mouse actions to be customized.

Updates to this system will be posted periodically in the anonymous
ftp directory of umnstat.stat.umn.edu (128.101.51.1).

A tutorial introduction to the system is available. It is written
primarily for the Macintosh version, but the differences to the UNIX
version are minor; see below. The tutorial is available as a set of
LaTeX files in xlispstat.doc.tar.Z at the ftp address above.

For further information contact

                Luke Tierney
                School of Statistics
                University of Minnesota
                Minneapolis, Mn. 55455

                luke@umnstat.stat.umn.edu

