bin/bitcp
bin/dct2mstr
bin/expgram
bin/genmodel
bin/gramtest
bin/impkimmo
bin/impmsc
bin/impwbstr
bin/listword
bin/nicetext
bin/nttpd
bin/printint
bin/qstart-nttpd
bin/rinfo
bin/scramble
bin/sortdct
bin/txt2dct
share/doc/nicetext/README.TXT
share/doc/nicetext/distribution.txt
share/doc/nicetext/icics97.pdf
share/doc/nicetext/icics97.ps
share/doc/nicetext/icics97.txt
share/doc/nicetext/thesis.pdf
share/doc/nicetext/thesis.ps
share/doc/nicetext/thesis.txt
share/doc/nicetext/COPYRIGHT
@dirrm share/doc/nicetext
share/examples/nicetext/database/Makefile
share/examples/nicetext/database/fabldict.alt
share/examples/nicetext/database/fabldict.dat
share/examples/nicetext/database/fabldict.jmp
share/examples/nicetext/database/fablmodel.dat
share/examples/nicetext/database/fablmodel.jmp
share/examples/nicetext/database/fabltype.dat
share/examples/nicetext/database/fabltype.jmp
share/examples/nicetext/database/jfkdict.alt
share/examples/nicetext/database/jfkdict.dat
share/examples/nicetext/database/jfkdict.jmp
share/examples/nicetext/database/jfkmodel.dat
share/examples/nicetext/database/jfkmodel.jmp
share/examples/nicetext/database/jfktype.dat
share/examples/nicetext/database/jfktype.jmp
share/examples/nicetext/database/wizozdict.alt
share/examples/nicetext/database/wizozdict.dat
share/examples/nicetext/database/wizozdict.jmp
share/examples/nicetext/database/wizozmodel.dat
share/examples/nicetext/database/wizozmodel.jmp
share/examples/nicetext/database/wizoztype.dat
share/examples/nicetext/database/wizoztype.jmp
share/examples/nicetext/database/mstrdict.alt
share/examples/nicetext/database/mstrdict.dat
share/examples/nicetext/database/mstrdict.jmp
share/examples/nicetext/database/mstrtype.dat
share/examples/nicetext/database/mstrtype.jmp
share/examples/nicetext/database/shakdict.alt
share/examples/nicetext/database/shakdict.dat
share/examples/nicetext/database/shakdict.jmp
share/examples/nicetext/database/shakmodel.dat
share/examples/nicetext/database/shakmodel.jmp
share/examples/nicetext/database/shaktype.dat
share/examples/nicetext/database/shaktype.jmp
@dirrm share/examples/nicetext/database
share/examples/nicetext/texts/fabl/Makefile
share/examples/nicetext/texts/fabl/aesop11.txt.gz
@dirrm share/examples/nicetext/texts/fabl
share/examples/nicetext/texts/jfk/Makefile
share/examples/nicetext/texts/jfk/jfk11.txt.gz
@dirrm share/examples/nicetext/texts/jfk
share/examples/nicetext/texts/wizoz/Makefile
share/examples/nicetext/texts/wizoz/wizoz10.txt.gz
@dirrm share/examples/nicetext/texts/wizoz
share/examples/nicetext/texts/shak/Makefile
share/examples/nicetext/texts/shak/shaks12.txt.gz
@dirrm share/examples/nicetext/texts/shak
share/examples/nicetext/texts/Makefile
@dirrm share/examples/nicetext/texts
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/1/Makefile
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/1/README.TXT
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/1/dict.raw
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/1/sample.txt
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/1/secret.txt
@dirrm share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/1
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/2/words/conjunction
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/2/words/name_family
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/2/words/name_female
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/2/words/name_male
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/2/words/name_other
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/2/words/num_cardinal_digits
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/2/words/num_cardinal_words
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/2/words/num_roman_digits
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/2/words/num_years_digits
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/2/words/place
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/2/words/prepin
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/2/words/prepto
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/2/words/verbmeet
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/2/words/verbmet
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/2/words/verbwent
@dirrm share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/2/words
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/2/Makefile
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/2/README.TXT
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/2/sample.txt
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/2/secret.txt
@dirrm share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/2
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/3/Makefile
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/3/README.TXT
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/3/gram1.def
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/3/gram2.inc
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/3/secret.txt
@dirrm share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/3
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/Makefile
share/examples/nicetext/tutorial/README.TXT
@dirrm share/examples/nicetext/tutorial
share/examples/nicetext/words/wlist/gutenberg/Makefile
share/examples/nicetext/words/wlist/gutenberg/README.TXT
share/examples/nicetext/words/wlist/gutenberg/create
share/examples/nicetext/words/wlist/gutenberg/words.out.gz
@dirrm share/examples/nicetext/words/wlist/gutenberg
share/examples/nicetext/words/wlist/web2/Makefile
share/examples/nicetext/words/wlist/web2/README.TXT
share/examples/nicetext/words/wlist/web2/words.gz
@dirrm share/examples/nicetext/words/wlist/web2
share/examples/nicetext/words/wlist/Makefile
@dirrm share/examples/nicetext/words/wlist
share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/impkimmo/Makefile
share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/impkimmo/README.TXT
share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/impkimmo/kimmo.twlist.gz
@dirrm share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/impkimmo
share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/mitlist/Makefile
share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/mitlist/name_family
share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/mitlist/name_female
share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/mitlist/name_male
share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/mitlist/name_other
share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/mitlist/place
share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/mitlist/pos.awk
share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/mitlist/posplr.awk
@dirrm share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/mitlist
share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/numeric/Makefile
share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/numeric/num_cardinal_digits
share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/numeric/num_cardinal_words
share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/numeric/num_roman_digits
share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/numeric/num_years_digits
@dirrm share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/numeric
share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/rhyme/Makefile
share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/rhyme/README.TXT
share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/rhyme/cmudict.0.4.gz
share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/rhyme/extract.awk
share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/rhyme/gt3.awk
share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/rhyme/rev2.awk
share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/rhyme/rhyme.twlist.gz
@dirrm share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/rhyme
share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist/Makefile
@dirrm share/examples/nicetext/words/twlist
@dirrm share/examples/nicetext/words
share/examples/nicetext/Makefile
share/examples/nicetext/README.TXT
@dirrm share/examples/nicetext
