bin/ayttm
etc/ayttmrc
lib/ayttm/aim-toc.la
lib/ayttm/aim-toc.so
lib/ayttm/autotrans.la
lib/ayttm/autotrans.so
lib/ayttm/aycryption.la
lib/ayttm/aycryption.so
lib/ayttm/icq-toc.la
lib/ayttm/icq-toc.so
lib/ayttm/import_everybuddy.la
lib/ayttm/import_everybuddy.so
lib/ayttm/import_gaim.la
lib/ayttm/import_gaim.so
lib/ayttm/import_gnomeicu.la
lib/ayttm/import_gnomeicu.so
lib/ayttm/importicq.la
lib/ayttm/importicq.so
lib/ayttm/importlicq.la
lib/ayttm/importlicq.so
lib/ayttm/irc.la
lib/ayttm/irc.so
lib/ayttm/jabber.la
lib/ayttm/jabber.so
lib/ayttm/middle.la
lib/ayttm/middle.so
lib/ayttm/msn2.la
lib/ayttm/msn2.so
lib/ayttm/notes.la
lib/ayttm/notes.so
lib/ayttm/rainbow.la
lib/ayttm/rainbow.so
lib/ayttm/smiley-themer.la
lib/ayttm/smiley-themer.so
lib/ayttm/yahoo2.la
lib/ayttm/yahoo2.so
share/ayttm/smileys/Console Smileys/aysmile.rc
share/ayttm/smileys/Console Smileys/blank.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Console Smileys/blush.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Console Smileys/confused.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Console Smileys/cooldude.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Console Smileys/grin.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Console Smileys/heyy.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Console Smileys/kiss.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Console Smileys/laugh.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Console Smileys/oh.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Console Smileys/sad.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Console Smileys/smile.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Console Smileys/sob.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Console Smileys/tongue.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Console Smileys/wink.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Console Smileys/worried.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Giles Smileys/aysmile.rc
share/ayttm/smileys/Giles Smileys/dead.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Giles Smileys/embarrased.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Giles Smileys/grin.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Giles Smileys/indifferent.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Giles Smileys/kiss.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Giles Smileys/quiet.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Giles Smileys/sad.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Giles Smileys/shades.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Giles Smileys/shocked.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Giles Smileys/smile.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Giles Smileys/tears.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Giles Smileys/tongue.xpm
share/ayttm/smileys/Giles Smileys/wink.xpm
share/ayttm/sounds/BuddyArrive.au
share/ayttm/sounds/BuddyLeave.au
share/ayttm/sounds/Receive.au
share/ayttm/sounds/Send.au
@dirrm share/ayttm/sounds
@dirrm share/ayttm/smileys/Giles Smileys
@dirrm share/ayttm/smileys/Console Smileys
@dirrm share/ayttm/smileys
@dirrm share/ayttm
@dirrm lib/ayttm
