share/locale/ar/LC_MESSAGES/amule.mo
@unexec rmdir share/locale/ar/LC_MESSAGES 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir share/locale/ar 2>/dev/null || true
share/locale/bg/LC_MESSAGES/amule.mo
@unexec rmdir share/locale/bg/LC_MESSAGES 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir share/locale/bg 2>/dev/null || true
share/locale/ca/LC_MESSAGES/amule.mo
@unexec rmdir share/locale/ca/LC_MESSAGES 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir share/locale/ca 2>/dev/null || true
share/locale/da/LC_MESSAGES/amule.mo
@unexec rmdir share/locale/da/LC_MESSAGES 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir share/locale/da 2>/dev/null || true
share/locale/de/LC_MESSAGES/amule.mo
@unexec rmdir share/locale/de/LC_MESSAGES 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir share/locale/de 2>/dev/null || true
share/locale/en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/amule.mo
@unexec rmdir share/locale/en_GB/LC_MESSAGES 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir share/locale/en_GB 2>/dev/null || true
share/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/amule.mo
@unexec rmdir share/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir share/locale/es 2>/dev/null || true
share/locale/es_MX/LC_MESSAGES/amule.mo
@unexec rmdir share/locale/es_MX/LC_MESSAGES 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir share/locale/es_MX 2>/dev/null || true
share/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES/amule.mo
@unexec rmdir share/locale/et_EE/LC_MESSAGES 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir share/locale/et_EE 2>/dev/null || true
share/locale/eu/LC_MESSAGES/amule.mo
@unexec rmdir share/locale/eu/LC_MESSAGES 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir share/locale/eu 2>/dev/null || true
share/locale/fi/LC_MESSAGES/amule.mo
@unexec rmdir share/locale/fi/LC_MESSAGES 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir share/locale/fi 2>/dev/null || true
share/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/amule.mo
@unexec rmdir share/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir share/locale/fr 2>/dev/null || true
share/locale/gl/LC_MESSAGES/amule.mo
@unexec rmdir share/locale/gl/LC_MESSAGES 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir share/locale/gl 2>/dev/null || true
share/locale/hr/LC_MESSAGES/amule.mo
@unexec rmdir share/locale/hr/LC_MESSAGES 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir share/locale/hr 2>/dev/null || true
share/locale/hu/LC_MESSAGES/amule.mo
@unexec rmdir share/locale/hu/LC_MESSAGES 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir share/locale/hu 2>/dev/null || true
share/locale/it/LC_MESSAGES/amule.mo
@unexec rmdir share/locale/it/LC_MESSAGES 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir share/locale/it 2>/dev/null || true
share/locale/it_CH/LC_MESSAGES/amule.mo
@unexec rmdir share/locale/it_CH/LC_MESSAGES 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir share/locale/it_CH 2>/dev/null || true
share/locale/ko/LC_MESSAGES/amule.mo
@unexec rmdir share/locale/ko/LC_MESSAGES 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir share/locale/ko 2>/dev/null || true
share/locale/nl/LC_MESSAGES/amule.mo
@unexec rmdir share/locale/nl/LC_MESSAGES 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir share/locale/nl 2>/dev/null || true
share/locale/pl/LC_MESSAGES/amule.mo
@unexec rmdir share/locale/pl/LC_MESSAGES 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir share/locale/pl 2>/dev/null || true
share/locale/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/amule.mo
@unexec rmdir share/locale/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir share/locale/pt_BR 2>/dev/null || true
share/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/amule.mo
@unexec rmdir share/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir share/locale/pt_PT 2>/dev/null || true
share/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES/amule.mo
@unexec rmdir share/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir share/locale/ru 2>/dev/null || true
share/locale/zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/amule.mo
@unexec rmdir share/locale/zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir share/locale/zh_CN 2>/dev/null || true
share/locale/zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/amule.mo
@unexec rmdir share/locale/zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir share/locale/zh_TW 2>/dev/null || true
share/gnome/doc/aMule-2.0.0rc7/ABOUT-NLS
share/gnome/doc/aMule-2.0.0rc7/Changelog
share/gnome/doc/aMule-2.0.0rc7/Doxyfile
share/gnome/doc/aMule-2.0.0rc7/ED2K-Links.HOWTO
share/gnome/doc/aMule-2.0.0rc7/INSTALL
share/gnome/doc/aMule-2.0.0rc7/README
share/gnome/doc/aMule-2.0.0rc7/TODO
share/gnome/doc/aMule-2.0.0rc7/amule-win32.HOWTO.txt
share/gnome/doc/aMule-2.0.0rc7/amulesig.txt
share/gnome/doc/aMule-2.0.0rc7/license.txt
@unexec rmdir share/gnome/doc/aMule-2.0.0rc7 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir share/gnome/doc 2>/dev/null || true
share/gnome/pixmaps/amule.xpm
%%PL_ALC%%share/gnome/pixmaps/alc.xpm
%%PL_CAS%%share/gnome/pixmaps/wxcas.xpm
@unexec rmdir share/gnome/pixmaps 2>/dev/null || true
share/gnome/applications/amule.desktop
%%PL_ALC%%share/gnome/applications/alc.desktop
%%PL_CAS%%share/gnome/applications/wxcas.desktop
@unexec rmdir share/gnome/applications 2>/dev/null || true
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/GraphCon.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/GraphDL.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/GraphUL.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/add_server.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/arrow_down.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/arrow_right.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/arrow_up.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/black.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/blue.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/blue1.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/blue2.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/blue3.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/blue4.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/blue5.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/blue6.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/cp_download.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/cp_kad.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/cp_search.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/cp_servers.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/cp_settings.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/cp_shared.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/cp_stats.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/emule.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/green.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/greenpercent.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/l_cancel.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/l_connect.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/l_down.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/l_ed2klink.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/l_info.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/l_pause.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/l_resume.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/l_up.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/log.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/main_bg.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/main_top_bg.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/red.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/top_bar_bg.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/top_bar_bg2.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/transparent.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver/yellow.gif
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%share/gnome/amuleweb/aMule.tmpl
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%@unexec rmdir share/gnome/amuleweb/webserver 2>/dev/null || true
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%@unexec rmdir share/gnome/amuleweb 2>/dev/null || true
%%PL_CAS%%share/gnome/cas/stat.png
%%PL_CAS%%share/gnome/cas/tmp.html
%%PL_CAS%%@unexec rmdir share/gnome/cas 2>/dev/null || true
lib/xchat/plugins/xas.pl
@unexec rmdir lib/xchat/plugins 2>/dev/null || true
@unexec rmdir lib/xchat 2>/dev/null || true
%%PL_CAS%%bin/cas
%%PL_CAS%%bin/wxcas
%%PL_ALC%%bin/alc
%%PL_ALC%%bin/alcc
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%bin/amuleweb
%%PL_AMULEWEBSRV%%bin/amulewebDLG
%%PL_AMULECMD%%bin/amulecmd
%%PL_AMULECMD%%bin/amulecmdDLG
%%PL_ED2K%%bin/amule-ed2k
bin/amule
