bin/starlogo
share/java/starlogo/LICENSE.txt
share/java/starlogo/README.txt
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(1) Painted Turtles.slogo
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(10) Predators Prey Grass.slogo
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(10) Traffic.slogo
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(10) Turtle Demographics.slogo
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(2) Return of the Painted Turtles.slogo
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(3) Big Bumper Turtles.slogo
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(3) Bumper Turtles.slogo
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(3) Follow the Leader.slogo
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(3) Tortoise Hare.slogo
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(3) Yellow Brick Road.slogo
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(4) Speeding Bumper Turtles.slogo
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(4) Termites.slogo
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(4) Turtledozers.slogo
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(5) Energizer Turtles.slogo
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(5) Rabbits.slogo
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(6) Shiny Happy Turtles 1.slogo
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(6) Shiny Happy Turtles 2.slogo
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(7) Castle Invasion.slogo
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(7) Collisions.slogo
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(8) Disease.slogo
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(8) Reaction.slogo
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(9) Gotya.slogo
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(9) King of the Hill.slogo
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(9) Slime.slogo
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(Ch 5) Enzyme.slogo
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(Ch 5) Epidemic.slogo
share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects/(Ch 5) Gaussian.slogo
share/java/starlogo/documentation/CHANGES.txt
share/java/starlogo/documentation/documentation.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/All_Commands.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/CommandsList.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/CommandsPopUp.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/FAQ.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/New.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/Procedure.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/TTTJ.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/behind.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/abs.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/acos.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/ageat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/ageof.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/agetowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/alive-of.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/alive.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/and.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/asin.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/asklistofturtles.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/askpatchat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/askturtle.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/atan.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/average-of-frogs-with.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/average-of-frogs.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/average-of-list.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/average-of-patches-with.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/average-of-patches.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/average-of-turtles-with.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/average-of-turtles.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/bf.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/bitand.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/bitnot.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/bitor.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/bitxor.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/bl.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/black.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/blue.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/breedat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/breedof.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/breedtowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/brown.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/case.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/cc.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/clearplot.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/clearplots.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/colorat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/colorof.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/colortowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/condition.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/copylist.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/cos.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/countcolor.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/countcolorrange.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/countfrogs.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/countfrogsat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/countfrogstowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/countfrogswith.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/countpatches.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/countpatcheswith.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/countpc.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/countpcrange.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/countplotpens.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/countturtles.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/countturtlesat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/countturtlestowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/countturtleswith.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/cyan.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/distance.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/distancenowrap.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/div.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/dolist.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/dotimes.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/e.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/empty.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/end.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/every.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/exp.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/first.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/food.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/foodat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/foodtowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/fput.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/getrandomseed.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/globals.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/grab.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/gray.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/green.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/headingat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/headingof.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/headingtowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/if.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/ifelse.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/ignore.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/insert.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/int.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/item.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/kill.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/last.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/length.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/let.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/lime.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/list.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/listoffrogs.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/listoffrogsat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/listoffrogstowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/listoffrogswith.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/listofturtles.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/listofturtlesat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/listofturtlestowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/listofturtleswith.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/listqu.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/ln.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/log.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/loop.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/lput.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/magenta.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/makelist.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/max-of-list.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/max.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/maxnum.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/maxoffrogs.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/maxoffrogswith.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/maxofpatches.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/maxofpatcheswith.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/maxofturtles.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/maxofturtleswith.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/median-of-frogs-with.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/median-of-frogs.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/median-of-list.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/median-of-patches-with.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/median-of-turtles-with.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/medianoffrogs.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/medianoffrogswith.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/medianofpatches.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/medianofpatcheswith.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/medianofturtles.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/medianofturtleswith.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/memberqu.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/min-of-list.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/min.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/minnum.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/minoffrogs.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/minoffrogswith.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/minofpatches.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/minofpatcheswith.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/minofturtles.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/minofturtleswith.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/mod.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/mode-of-frogs-with.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/mode-of-frogs.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/mode-of-list.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/mode-of-patches-with.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/mode-of-patches.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/mode-of-turtles-with.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/mode-of-turtles.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/mousedown.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/mousexcor.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/mouseycor.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/nobody.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/not.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/numberqu.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/oneoffrogs.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/oneoffrogsat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/oneoffrogstowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/oneoffrogswith.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/oneofturtles.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/oneofturtlesat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/oneofturtlestowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/oneofturtleswith.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/or.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/orange.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/output.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/partner.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/partners.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/patchesown.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/pc.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/pcat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/pctowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/pendownquat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/pendownquof.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/pendownqutowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/pi.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/pick.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/pink.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/plot.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/plotgrid.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/plotgridoff.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/plotgridon.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/plotid.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/plottitle.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/plotxlabel.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/plotxmax.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/plotxmin.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/plotxy.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/plotylabel.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/plotymax.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/plotymin.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/position.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/pp.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/ppc.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/ppd.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/ppreset.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/ppu.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/ppxcor.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/ppycor.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/print.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/printstatus.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/random.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/randomgaussian.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/red.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/remove.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/removeelement.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/repeat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/resett.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/reverse.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/round.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/screenhalfheight.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/screenhalfwidth.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/screenheight.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/screenwidth.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/sdev-of-frogs-with.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/sdev-of-frogs.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/sdev-of-list.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/sdev-of-patches-with.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/sdev-of-patches.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/sdev-of-turtles-with.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/sdev-of-turtles.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/se.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/set.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setageat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setageof.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setagetowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setbarwidth.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setbreedat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setbreedof.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setbreedtowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setcat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setcof.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setctowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setfood.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setfoodat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setfoodtowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/sethat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/sethof.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/sethtowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setitem.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setpendownquat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setpendownquof.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setpendownqutowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setplottitle.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setplotxlabel.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setplotxmax.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setplotxmin.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setplotxrange.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setplotylabel.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setplotymax.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setplotymin.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setplotyrange.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setppc.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setshapeat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setshapeof.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setshapetowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setshownquat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setshownquof.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setshownqutowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setslidervar.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setxcorat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setxcorof.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setxcortowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setxyat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setxyof.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setxytowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setycorat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setycorof.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/setycortowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/shape.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/shapeat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/shapetowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/show.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/shownquat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/shownquof.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/shownqutowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/sin.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/sky.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/sprout.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/sqrt.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/stampat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/stamptowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/stop.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/stopall.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/sublist.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/sumoffrogs.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/sumoffrogswith.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/sumofpatches.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/sumofpatcheswith.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/sumofturtles.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/sumofturtleswith.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/symbolsequiv.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/symbolsmath.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/tan.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/timer.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/to.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/todelimitedstring.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/tolist.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/tostring.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/towards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/towardsnowrap.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/turquoise.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/turtlesown.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/type.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/variance-of-frogs-with.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/variance-of-frogs.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/variance-of-list.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/variance-of-patches-with.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/variance-of-patches.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/variance-of-turtles-with.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/variance-of-turtles.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/viewplot.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/violet.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/wait.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/waituntil.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/white.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/whomaxoffrogs.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/whomaxoffrogswith.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/whomaxofturtles.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/whomaxofturtleswith.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/whominoffrogs.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/whominoffrogswith.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/whominofturtles.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/whominofturtleswith.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/wordqu.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/xcorat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/xcorof.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/xcortowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/xor.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/ycorat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/ycorof.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/ycortowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both/yellow.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/breeds.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/colors.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/commands.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/commands_patches.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/commands_turtles.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/community.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/community/mailinglist.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/control_flow.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/data_types.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/display.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/documentationtitlenewlocal.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/files-page.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/gettingstarted/getting_started.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/gettingstarted/images/BackToTop.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/gettingstarted/images/EndBar.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/gettingstarted/images/observcom.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/gettingstarted/images/ss_starlogo.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/gettingstarted/images/turtlecom.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/gettingstarted/images/turtlesblind.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/graphing/graphing.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/graphing/images/BackToTop.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/graphing/images/graphchooser.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/graphing/images/graphingicon.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/graphing/images/plotdatabar.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/graphing/images/plotdataxy.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/graphing/images/plotformatmenu.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/graphing/images/plotpropertiesbar.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/graphing/images/plotpropertieshisto.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/graphing/images/plotpropertiesline.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/graphing/images/plotpropertiesscatter.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/graphing/images/plotpropertiesxy.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/graphing/images/turtlesblind.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/BackToTop.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/EndBar.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/arrowbreedcommands.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/arrowcolorcommands.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/arrowcommands_patches.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/arrowcommands_turtles.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/arrowcontrolflow.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/arrowdatatypes.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/arrowdisplaycommands.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/arrowfiles.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/arrowlistcommands.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/arrowmathcommands.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/arrownewcommands.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/arrowplottingcommands.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/arrowvariables.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/breedcommands.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/colorcommands.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/commands_patches.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/commands_turtles.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/controlflow.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/datatypes.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/displaycommands.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/files.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/listcommands.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/mathcommands.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/newcommands.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/plottingcommands.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/turtleengineer.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/turtlesblind.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/turtlesgrid.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images/variables.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/info.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/links.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/lists.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/mailinglist.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/math.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/newcommands.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/askfrogs.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/askfrogswith.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/askpatches.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/askpatcheswith.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/askturtles.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/askturtleswith.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/ca.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/cct.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/cctanddo.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/cg.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/clearinfo.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/clock.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/co.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/cp.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/createanddo.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/createfrogs.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/createfrogsanddo.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/crt.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/ct.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/diffuse.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/diffuse4.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/display.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/getschedulerrandomseed.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/importpicture.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/importpicturename.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/infoname.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/inspectpatch.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/inspectturtle.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/nodisplay.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/nsum.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/nsum4.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/outputname.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/projectname.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/pstamp.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/pstampat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/pstamptowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/saveinfo.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/saveinfoas.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/savenextversion.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/saveoutput.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/saveoutputas.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/saveproject.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/saveprojectas.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/scalepc.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/scheduler.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/setbg.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/setclock.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/setcountplotpens.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/setinfoname.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/setoutputname.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/setpc.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/setprojectname.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/setrandomseed.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/setschedulerrandomseed.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/startup.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs/switchscheduler.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/olist.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/plist.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/plotting.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/printable/breeds.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/printable/color.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/printable/commands_patches.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/printable/commands_turtles.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/printable/control_flow.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/printable/display.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/printable/files.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/printable/index.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/printable/list.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/printable/math.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/printable/new.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/printable/plotting.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/printable/variables.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/projectSelector.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/projectTitle.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/projectViewer.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/projects.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/release.txt
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/researchers.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/bees.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/circle.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/collisions.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/dla.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/firefly.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/gaussian.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/horn.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/ant1.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/ant2.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/ant3.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/bees1.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/bees2.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/bees3.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/circle4.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/circle5.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/circle6.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/collisions1.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/collisions2.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/collisions3.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/dla5.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/dla6.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/dla7.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/firefly1.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/firefly2.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/firefly3.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/gaussian1.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/gaussian2.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/gaussian3.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/graphics1.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/graphics2.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/graphics3.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/horn1.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/horn2.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/horn3.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/perfume1.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/perfume2.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/perfume3.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/rabbits1.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/rabbits2.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/rabbits3.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/rope1.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/rope2.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/rope3.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/sirpinski1.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/sirpinski2.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/sirpinski3.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/slime1.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/slime2.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/slime3.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/smallbees.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/smallcircles.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/smallcollisions.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/smalldla.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/smallfirefly.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/smallgaussian.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/smallgraphics.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/smallhorn.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/smallperfume.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/smallrabbits.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/smallrope.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/smallsirpinski.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/smallslime.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/smallsugarscape.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/smalltermite.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/smalltraffic.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/smalltrails.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/smalltree.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/ss_bees_interface.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/ss_circle_interface.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/ss_collisions_interface.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/ss_dla_interface.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/ss_firefly_interface.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/ss_gaussian_interface.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/ss_horn_interface.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/ss_perfume_interface.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/ss_rabbits_interface.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/ss_rope_interface.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/ss_sirpinski_interface.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/ss_slime_interface.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/ss_sugarscape_interface.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/ss_termite_interface.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/ss_traffic_interface.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/ss_tree_interface.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/ss_turtle_interface1.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/ss_turtle_interface2.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/sugarscape1.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/sugarscape2.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/sugarscape3.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/termite2.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/termite3.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/termite4.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/traffic1.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/traffic2.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/traffic3.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/tree1.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/tree2.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images/tree3.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/perfume.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/rabbits.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/rope.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/sirpinski.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/slime.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/sugarscape.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/termites.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/traffic.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/trails.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/tree.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/turtle.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/shapes.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/starterpage.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/teachers.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/templates/images/chilinewfunction.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/templates/images/chilitemplate.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/templates/images/ecotemplate.GIF
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/templates/images/templatenewfunction.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/templates/images/templatewindow.jpg
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/templates/templates.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tlist.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/trial images/cutuplocal/1.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/trial images/cutuplocal/1r.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/trial images/cutuplocal/2.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/trial images/cutuplocal/2r.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/trial images/cutuplocal/3.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/trial images/cutuplocal/3r.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/trial images/cutuplocal/4.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/trial images/cutuplocal/4r.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/trial images/cutuplocal/5.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/trial images/cutuplocal/6.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/trial images/cutuplocal/6r.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/trial images/cutuplocal/7.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/trial images/cutuplocal/7r.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/trial images/cutuplocal/8.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/trial images/cutuplocal/8r.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/trial images/cutuplocal/9.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/trial images/cutuplocal/9r.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/trial images/cutuplocal/StarLogo.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/age.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/bk.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/breed.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/color.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/countfrogshere.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/countturtleshere.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/die.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/dx.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/dy.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/fd.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/grabbed.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/hatch.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/heading.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/home.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/ht.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/ifbreedfrogs.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/jump.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/leap.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/listoffrogshere.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/listofturtleshere.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/lt.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/myself.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/oneoffrogshere.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/oneofturtleshere.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/pc.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/pcahead.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/pd.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/pendownqu.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/pstamp.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/pstampat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/pstamptowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/pu.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/rt.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/scalecolor.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/setage.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/setbreed.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/setc.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/seth.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/setshape.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/setx.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/setxy.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/sety.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/shownqu.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/st.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/stamp.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/stampat.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/stamptowards.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/step.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/who.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/xcor.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur/ycor.htm
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tutorial/images/EndBar.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tutorial/images/button.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tutorial/images/observcom.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tutorial/images/paint.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tutorial/images/setup.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tutorial/images/shapechooser.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tutorial/images/shapeeditor.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tutorial/images/termite.2.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tutorial/images/termites.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tutorial/images/termitesexample.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tutorial/images/turtlecom.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tutorial/transparent.gif
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tutorial/tutorial.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/variables.html
share/java/starlogo/documentation/style.css
share/java/starlogo/sample-projects/biology/bees.slogo
share/java/starlogo/sample-projects/biology/firefly.slogo
share/java/starlogo/sample-projects/biology/rabbits.slogo
share/java/starlogo/sample-projects/biology/slime.slogo
share/java/starlogo/sample-projects/biology/termites.slogo
share/java/starlogo/sample-projects/graphics/ant-trails.slogo
share/java/starlogo/sample-projects/graphics/graphics.slogo
share/java/starlogo/sample-projects/graphics/horn.slogo
share/java/starlogo/sample-projects/math/circle.slogo
share/java/starlogo/sample-projects/math/gaussian.slogo
share/java/starlogo/sample-projects/math/life.slogo
share/java/starlogo/sample-projects/math/sirpinksi.slogo
share/java/starlogo/sample-projects/math/tree.slogo
share/java/starlogo/sample-projects/physics/collisions.slogo
share/java/starlogo/sample-projects/physics/dla.slogo
share/java/starlogo/sample-projects/physics/perfume.slogo
share/java/starlogo/sample-projects/physics/rope.slogo
share/java/starlogo/sample-projects/social-systems/sugarscape.slogo
share/java/starlogo/sample-projects/social-systems/traffic.slogo
share/java/starlogo/starlogo.bat
share/java/starlogo/starlogo.jar
share/java/starlogo/templates/chili.slogt
share/java/starlogo/templates/ecology.slogt
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/templates
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/sample-projects/social-systems
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/sample-projects/physics
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/sample-projects/math
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/sample-projects/graphics
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/sample-projects/biology
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/sample-projects
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tutorial/images
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tutorial
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/tur
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/trial images/cutuplocal
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/trial images
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/templates/images
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/templates
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples/images
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/samples
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/printable
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/obs
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/images
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/graphing/images
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/graphing
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/gettingstarted/images
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/gettingstarted
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/community
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/documentation/html/both
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/documentation/html
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/documentation
@dirrm share/java/starlogo/adventure-projects
@dirrm share/java/starlogo
