bin/ascd
bin/afterstep
bin/asclock
bin/asmail
bin/xiterm
bin/ASSound
bin/Animate
bin/Audio
bin/Auto
bin/Banner
bin/Clean
bin/Form
bin/Ident
bin/Save
bin/Scroll
bin/Pager
bin/WPager
bin/XPager
bin/YPager
bin/ZPager
bin/Pager-noxpm
bin/WPager-noxpm
bin/XPager-noxpm
bin/YPager-noxpm
bin/ZPager-noxpm
bin/Wharf
bin/WinList
bin/Zharf
bin/afterstepdoc
include/X11/pixmaps/monitor_bsd.xpm
man/man1/ascd.1.gz
man/man1/Audio.1.gz
man/man1/Auto.1.gz
man/man1/asclock.1.gz
man/man1/asmail.1.gz
man/man1/xiterm.1.gz
man/man1/Clean.1.gz
man/man1/ASSound.1.gz
man/man1/Animate.1.gz
man/man1/Banner.1.gz
man/man1/Form.1.gz
man/man1/Ident.1.gz
man/man1/Save.1.gz
man/man1/Pager.1.gz
man/man1/Pager-noxpm.1.gz
man/man1/Scroll.1.gz
man/man1/Wharf.1.gz
man/man1/Zharf.1.gz
man/man1/WinList.1.gz
man/man1/afterstep.1.gz
share/afterstep/looks/look.Wouter
share/afterstep/looks/look.Nextish
share/afterstep/looks/look.Black
share/afterstep/looks/look.purenext
share/afterstep/looks/look.DEFAULT
share/afterstep/looks/look.redish
share/afterstep/looks/look.red
share/afterstep/looks/look.Neptho
share/afterstep/looks/look.Dark
share/afterstep/looks/look.orchid
share/afterstep/looks/look.turquoise
share/afterstep/looks/look.lightgrey
share/afterstep/looks/look.lightblue
share/afterstep/looks/look.greyblue
share/afterstep/looks/look.DeepBlue
share/afterstep/looks/look.Stone
share/afterstep/looks/look.nogradient
share/afterstep/looks/look.James
share/afterstep/looks/look.AfterStep
share/afterstep/looks/look.NewFeatures
share/afterstep/looks/look.Guylhem
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk1/look.16bpp
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk1/look.8bpp
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk1/background
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk1/feel.16bpp
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk1/feel.24bpp
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk1/look.24bpp
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk1/feel.8bpp
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk0/feel.8bpp
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk0/look.8bpp
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk0/look.16bpp
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk0/background
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk0/feel.24bpp
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk0/look.24bpp
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk0/feel.16bpp
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk3/feel.8bpp
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk3/look.8bpp
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk3/look.16bpp
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk3/background
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk3/feel.24bpp
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk3/look.24bpp
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk3/feel.16bpp
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk2/feel.16bpp
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk2/look.8bpp
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk2/feel.8bpp
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk2/background
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk2/feel.24bpp
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk2/look.24bpp
share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk2/look.16bpp
share/afterstep/non-configurable/tmp/startmenu
share/afterstep/non-configurable/Make8bitXPMs
share/afterstep/non-configurable/Xpm2Jpg
share/afterstep/start/Quit/Exit ?
share/afterstep/start/Quit/Close this session
share/afterstep/start/Quit/Restart this session
share/afterstep/start/Quit/Restart with twm
share/afterstep/start/Quit/Restart with wmaker
share/afterstep/start/Quit/ReRead configuration
share/afterstep/start/Modules/- XLock with ...
share/afterstep/start/Modules/Ident
share/afterstep/start/Modules/Clean
share/afterstep/start/Modules/Banner
share/afterstep/start/Modules/Audio
share/afterstep/start/Modules/Zharf
share/afterstep/start/Modules/WinList
share/afterstep/start/Modules/Pager
share/afterstep/start/Modules/- Help about ...
share/afterstep/start/Modules/Animate
share/afterstep/start/Modules/Auto
share/afterstep/start/Modules/Wharf
share/afterstep/start/Modules/- Find a file ...
share/afterstep/start/Modules/Scroll
share/afterstep/start/Modules/- Quit ...
share/afterstep/start/Modules/- Run a command ...
share/afterstep/start/Modules/- Take screenshot ...
share/afterstep/start/Modules/- Take windowshot ...
share/afterstep/start/Modules/- FTP to ...
share/afterstep/start/Screen savers/Without password/Stop animation
share/afterstep/start/Screen savers/Without password/Forest
share/afterstep/start/Screen savers/Without password/Laser
share/afterstep/start/Screen savers/Without password/Mountain
share/afterstep/start/Screen savers/Without password/Qix
share/afterstep/start/Screen savers/Without password/Shape
share/afterstep/start/Screen savers/Without password/Spermatozoid
share/afterstep/start/Screen savers/Without password/Spline
share/afterstep/start/Screen savers/Without password/Star Trek
share/afterstep/start/Screen savers/Without password/Firework
share/afterstep/start/Screen savers/With password/Star Trek
share/afterstep/start/Screen savers/With password/Forest
share/afterstep/start/Screen savers/With password/Laser
share/afterstep/start/Screen savers/With password/Mountain
share/afterstep/start/Screen savers/With password/Qix
share/afterstep/start/Screen savers/With password/Shape
share/afterstep/start/Screen savers/With password/Spermatozoid
share/afterstep/start/Screen savers/With password/Spline
share/afterstep/start/Screen savers/With password/Firework
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Office/Invest
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Office/Ps viewer
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Office/XEmacs
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Office/Lyx
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Office/HP 48
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Office/XEphemeride
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Office/Dvi viewer
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Office/File manager
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Office/Plot
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Office/Finance
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Office/RPN calculator
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Games/Asteroids
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Games/X Eyes
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Games/Tetris
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Games/Patience
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Games/X Boing
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Games/Invaders
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Games/Galaga
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Games/Block Out
share/afterstep/start/Applications/KDE/KDE-Games/Minehunt
share/afterstep/start/Applications/KDE/KDE-Games/Patience
share/afterstep/start/Applications/KDE/KDE-Games/Tetris
share/afterstep/start/Applications/KDE/Calculator
share/afterstep/start/Applications/KDE/Display manager
share/afterstep/start/Applications/KDE/Help
share/afterstep/start/Applications/KDE/Find a file
share/afterstep/start/Applications/KDE/Editor
share/afterstep/start/Applications/KDE/View picture
share/afterstep/start/Applications/KDE/File manager
share/afterstep/start/Applications/KDE/Font manager
share/afterstep/start/Applications/KDE/Screen lock
share/afterstep/start/Applications/KDE/Paintbrush
share/afterstep/start/Applications/KDE/Command prompt
share/afterstep/start/Applications/KDE/Editor (hex)
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Accessories/Color name
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Accessories/Colors
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Accessories/X logo
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Accessories/Help
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Accessories/Notepad
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Accessories/Clock
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Accessories/Calculator
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Accessories/System load
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Accessories/Screen magnify
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Accessories/Battery
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Accessories/Keyboard leds
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Accessories/Change defaults
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Accessories/Change keyboard
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Accessories/Change screen
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Accessories/X pirate logo
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Accessories/System charge
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Accessories/Grab screen
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Accessories/Reset color map
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Accessories/Color map
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Accessories/Window infos
share/afterstep/start/Applications/StEP applications/Volume
share/afterstep/start/Applications/StEP applications/System load
share/afterstep/start/Applications/StEP applications/File system
share/afterstep/start/Applications/StEP applications/Sound mixer
share/afterstep/start/Applications/StEP applications/Mail checker
share/afterstep/start/Applications/StEP applications/Modem checker
share/afterstep/start/Applications/StEP applications/Printer
share/afterstep/start/Applications/StEP applications/PPP checker
share/afterstep/start/Applications/StEP applications/Radio Tuner
share/afterstep/start/Applications/StEP applications/Trash
share/afterstep/start/Applications/StEP applications/CD player
share/afterstep/start/Applications/StEP applications/File manager
share/afterstep/start/Applications/StEP applications/Clock
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Network/Connect to internet
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Network/Netscape
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Network/Lynx
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Network/Mail
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Network/Ftp
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Network/Telnet
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Network/Irc
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Network/Connect to a BBS
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Network/X ftp
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Network/News
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Network/Connect by ppp
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Medias/CD Player
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Medias/Modules
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Medias/Midi
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Medias/Pictures
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Medias/Mixer
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Medias/MPEG-3
share/afterstep/start/Applications/Medias/The gimp
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Animations/Spermatozoid
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Animations/Qix
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Animations/Star Trek
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Animations/Laser
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Animations/Spline
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Animations/Mountain
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Animations/Shape
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Animations/Firework
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Animations/Forest
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/xterm
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/num_glyphs
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/arrow
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/based_arrow_down
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/based_arrow_up
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/boat
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/bogosity
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/bottom_left_corner
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/bottom_right_corner
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/bottom_side
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/bottom_tee
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/box_spiral
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/center_ptr
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/circle
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/clock
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/coffee_mug
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/cross
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/cross_reverse
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/crosshair
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/diamond_cross
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/dot
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/dotbox
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/double_arrow
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/draft_large
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/draft_small
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/draped_box
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/exchange
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/fleur
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/gobbler
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/gumby
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/hand1
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/hand2
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/heart
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/icon
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/iron_cross
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/left_ptr
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/left_side
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/left_tee
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/leftbutton
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/ll_angle
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/lr_angle
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/man
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/middlebutton
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/mouse
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/pencil
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/pirate
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/plus
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/question_arrow
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/right_ptr
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/right_side
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/right_tee
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/shuttle
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/rightbutton
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/rtl_logo
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/sailboat
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/sb_down_arrow
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/sb_h_double_arrow
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/sb_left_arrow
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/sb_right_arrow
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/sb_up_arrow
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/sb_v_double_arrow
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/spider
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/sizing
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/spraycan
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/star
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/target
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/tcross
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/top_left_arrow
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/top_left_corner
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/top_right_corner
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/top_side
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/top_tee
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/trek
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/ul_angle
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/umbrella
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/ur_angle
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/watch
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors/X_cursor
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Mouse/Left Handed (3 2 1)
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Mouse/Ultra Fastest
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Mouse/Faster
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Mouse/Fast
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Mouse/Normal
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Mouse/Slower
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Mouse/No acceleration
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Mouse/Right Handed (1 2 3)
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Mouse/Next Fastest
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/X earth
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Stop animation
share/afterstep/start/Decorations/X fishtank
share/afterstep/start/AfterStepDoc
share/afterstep/start/Help about ...
share/afterstep/start/Find a file ...
share/afterstep/start/X terminal (big)
share/afterstep/start/Run a command ...
share/afterstep/start/X terminal (pixmap)
share/afterstep/start/Screen saver
share/afterstep/start/X terminal
share/afterstep/start/X terminal (no sb)
share/afterstep/feels/feel.Windowish
share/afterstep/feels/feel.ICCCM
share/afterstep/feels/feel.AutoRaise
share/afterstep/feels/feel.ClickToFocus
share/afterstep/feels/feel.PureNeXT
share/afterstep/feels/feel.DEFAULT
share/afterstep/desktop/backgrounds/wheat.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/backgrounds/Wave.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/backgrounds/red.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/backgrounds/midnightblue.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/backgrounds/darkgreen.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/backgrounds/black.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/backgrounds/aquamarine.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/backgrounds/darkblue.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/backgrounds/purple.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/backgrounds/Back.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/ASBBlockConvexBlue.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/ASBBlockGreen.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/ASBBlockMarble.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/ASBBlockRed.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/ASBBlockSlate.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/ASBBlockWater.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/3dpaint.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/Eyecon.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/Paint.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/Plasma.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/ShutDown.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/Folder.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/interface.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/linux-penguin.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/monalisa.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/netscape.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/wharf.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/writeletter.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/FileFolders.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/ASBBlockWhite.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/Text.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/Monitor.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/shutdown.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/CDrom.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/Recycler.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/ASBBlockDefault.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/ASBBlockClear.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/OldFashionedRadio.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/YellowBlueRedGeometry.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/AfterStep2.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/KeysOnChain.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/AfterStep.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/AfterStep4.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/ComputerPC.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/Bookshelf.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/Brush.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/CDrom2.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/Computer.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/Publish.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/WWW.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/cpuchip.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/Database.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/Debug.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/DeskGlobe.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/disk.builder.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/draw.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/hostmanager.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/Install.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/KeyPower.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/RayTracedGear.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/Start.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/Network.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/workshop.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/widget.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/spreadsheet.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/spreadsheet2.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/e-no.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/e0.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/BookArrows.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/GNUSpace.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/Info.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/e1.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/e10.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/NetworkInfoManager.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/e11.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/e2.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/e3.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/e4.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/e5.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/e6.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/e7.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/author.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/AfterStep3.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/e8.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/e9.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/AfterStep5.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/RedFire.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp/ASBBlockBlue.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/common/fr.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/common/xiterm.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/common/Earth.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/common/arrow.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/common/World.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/common/monitor-e0.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/common/monitor-e1.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/common/monitor-e10.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/common/monitor-e11.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/common/monitor-e2.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/common/monitor-e3.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/common/monitor-e4.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/common/monitor-e5.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/common/monitor-e6.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/common/monitor-e7.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/common/monitor-e8.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/common/monitor-e9.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/common/monitor-no.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/common/Mail1.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/common/Mail2.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/common/Mail3.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/common/98.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/common/AfterStep7.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/common/AfterStep8.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/common/dk.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/ASBBlockClear.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/ASBBlockConvexBlue.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/ASBBlockDefault.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/ASBBlockGreen.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/ASBBlockMarble.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/ASBBlockRed.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/ASBBlockSlate.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/ASBBlockWater.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/ASBBlockWhite.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/CDrom.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/Eyecon.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/Folder.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/KeysOnChain.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/Monitor.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/Paint.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/Plasma.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/Recycler.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/ShutDown.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/WWW.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/Text.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/interface.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/linux-penguin.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/monalisa.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/netscape.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/wharf.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/writeletter.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/3dpaint.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/OldFashionedRadio.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/YellowBlueRedGeometry.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/AfterStep2.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/shutdown.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/FileFolders.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/AfterStep.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/AfterStep3.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/AfterStep4.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/BookArrows.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/Bookshelf.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/Brush.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/CDrom2.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/Computer.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/Info.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/ComputerPC.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/Database.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/Debug.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/DeskGlobe.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/GNUSpace.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/Install.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/KeyPower.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/Network.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/NetworkInfoManager.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/e-no.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/Publish.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/RayTracedGear.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/author.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/cpuchip.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/disk.builder.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/draw.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/hostmanager.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/e0.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/spreadsheet.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/spreadsheet2.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/e1.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/e10.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/widget.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/workshop.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/Start.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/e11.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/e2.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/e3.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/e4.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/e5.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/e6.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/e7.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/e8.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/e9.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/AfterStep5.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/RedFire.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp/ASBBlockBlue.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/1p-e.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/1.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/as-iconize-pressed.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/as-iconize.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/as-kill-pressed.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/as-kill.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/as-maximize-a-pressed.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/as-maximize-a.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/as-menu-a-pressed.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/as-menu-a.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/as-menu-b-pressed.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/as-menu-b.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/as-minimize-a-pressed.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/as-minimize-a.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/as-shade-a-pressed.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/as-shade-a.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/1p.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/as-switchwindow-a.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/as-switchwindow-a-pressed.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/as-switchwindow-b-pressed.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/as-switchwindow-b.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/as-switchwindow-c-pressed.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/as-switchwindow-c.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/2.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/2p.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/3.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/3p.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/4.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/4p.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/5.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/5p.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/2-e.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/2p-e.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/3-e.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/3p-e.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/4-e.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/4p-e.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/5-e.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/5p-e.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/buttons/1-e.xpm
share/afterstep/desktop/sounds/train.au
share/afterstep/desktop/sounds/clink.au
share/afterstep/desktop/sounds/cowbell.au
share/afterstep/desktop/sounds/crash.au
share/afterstep/desktop/sounds/drip.au
share/afterstep/desktop/sounds/gong.au
share/afterstep/desktop/sounds/meepmeep.au
share/afterstep/desktop/sounds/bong.au
share/afterstep/audio
share/afterstep/autoexec
share/afterstep/base.16bpp
share/afterstep/base.24bpp
share/afterstep/base.8bpp
share/afterstep/clean
share/afterstep/database
share/afterstep/forms
share/afterstep/ident
share/afterstep/pager
share/afterstep/scroll
share/afterstep/wharf
share/afterstep/winlist
share/afterstep/compatibility
share/afterstep/zharf
share/afterstep/.workspace_state
share/afterstep/animate
share/afterstep/asmail
share/doc/afterstep/afterstep.html
share/doc/afterstep/afterstep-1.html
share/doc/afterstep/afterstep-2.html
share/doc/afterstep/afterstep-3.html
share/doc/afterstep/afterstep-4.html
share/doc/afterstep/afterstep-5.html
share/doc/afterstep/afterstep-6.html
share/doc/afterstep/afterstep-7.html
share/doc/afterstep/afterstep-8.html
share/doc/afterstep/afterstep-9.html
@dirrm share/afterstep/looks
@dirrm share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk1
@dirrm share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk0
@dirrm share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk2
@dirrm share/afterstep/non-configurable/desk3
@dirrm share/afterstep/non-configurable/tmp
@dirrm share/afterstep/non-configurable
@dirrm share/afterstep/start/Quit
@dirrm share/afterstep/start/Modules
@dirrm share/afterstep/start/Screen savers/Without password
@dirrm share/afterstep/start/Screen savers/With password
@dirrm share/afterstep/start/Screen savers
@dirrm share/afterstep/start/Applications/Office
@dirrm share/afterstep/start/Applications/Games
@dirrm share/afterstep/start/Applications/KDE/KDE-Games
@dirrm share/afterstep/start/Applications/KDE
@dirrm share/afterstep/start/Applications/Accessories
@dirrm share/afterstep/start/Applications/StEP applications
@dirrm share/afterstep/start/Applications/Network
@dirrm share/afterstep/start/Applications/Medias
@dirrm share/afterstep/start/Applications
@dirrm share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Animations
@dirrm share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Cursors
@dirrm share/afterstep/start/Decorations/Mouse
@dirrm share/afterstep/start/Decorations
@dirrm share/afterstep/start
@dirrm share/afterstep/feels
@dirrm share/afterstep/desktop/backgrounds
@dirrm share/afterstep/desktop/icons/8bpp
@dirrm share/afterstep/desktop/icons/common
@dirrm share/afterstep/desktop/icons/16bpp
@dirrm share/afterstep/desktop/icons
@dirrm share/afterstep/desktop/buttons
@dirrm share/afterstep/desktop/sounds
@dirrm share/afterstep/desktop
@dirrm share/doc/afterstep
@dirrm share/afterstep
