bin/d2asc
bin/kst
bin/kstcmd
include/kst_export.h
include/kstdatasource.h
include/kstdateparser.h
include/kstextcalendarsystem.h
include/kstextcalendarsystemgregorian.h
include/kstextdatepicker.h
include/kstextdatetbl.h
include/kstextdatetime.h
include/kstextdatetimeedit.h
include/kstextdatewidget.h
include/kstobject.h
include/kstsharedptr.h
include/rwlock.h
lib/kde3/kstdata_ascii.a
lib/kde3/kstdata_ascii.la
lib/kde3/kstdata_ascii.so
%%CDF%%lib/kde3/kstdata_cdf.a
%%CDF%%lib/kde3/kstdata_cdf.la
%%CDF%%lib/kde3/kstdata_cdf.so
lib/kde3/kstdata_dirfile.a
lib/kde3/kstdata_dirfile.la
lib/kde3/kstdata_dirfile.so
lib/kde3/kstdata_fitsimage.a
lib/kde3/kstdata_fitsimage.la
lib/kde3/kstdata_fitsimage.so
lib/kde3/kstdata_frame.a
lib/kde3/kstdata_frame.la
lib/kde3/kstdata_frame.so
lib/kde3/kstdata_healpix.a
lib/kde3/kstdata_healpix.la
lib/kde3/kstdata_healpix.so
lib/kde3/kstdata_indirect.a
lib/kde3/kstdata_indirect.la
lib/kde3/kstdata_indirect.so
lib/kde3/kstdata_lfiio.a
lib/kde3/kstdata_lfiio.la
lib/kde3/kstdata_lfiio.so
%%NETCDF%%lib/kde3/kstdata_netcdf.a
%%NETCDF%%lib/kde3/kstdata_netcdf.la
%%NETCDF%%lib/kde3/kstdata_netcdf.so
lib/kde3/kstdata_qimagesource.a
lib/kde3/kstdata_qimagesource.la
lib/kde3/kstdata_qimagesource.so
lib/kde3/kstextension_elog.a
lib/kde3/kstextension_elog.la
lib/kde3/kstextension_elog.so
lib/kde3/kstextension_js.a
lib/kde3/kstextension_js.la
lib/kde3/kstextension_js.so
lib/kde3/kstextension_pulse.a
lib/kde3/kstextension_pulse.la
lib/kde3/kstextension_pulse.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/autocorrelate.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/autocorrelate.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/autocorrelate.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/autocorrelate.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/bin.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/bin.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/bin.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/bin.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/butterworth_bandpass.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/butterworth_bandpass.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/butterworth_bandpass.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/butterworth_bandpass.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/butterworth_bandstop.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/butterworth_bandstop.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/butterworth_bandstop.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/butterworth_bandstop.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/butterworth_highpass.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/butterworth_highpass.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/butterworth_highpass.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/butterworth_highpass.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/butterworth_lowpass.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/butterworth_lowpass.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/butterworth_lowpass.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/butterworth_lowpass.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/chop.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/chop.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/chop.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/chop.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/convolve.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/convolve.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/convolve.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/convolve.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/crosscorrelate.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/crosscorrelate.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/crosscorrelate.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/crosscorrelate.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/crossspectrum.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/crossspectrum.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/crossspectrum.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/crossspectrum.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/cumulative_sum.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/cumulative_sum.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/cumulative_sum.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/cumulative_sum.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/deconvolve.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/deconvolve.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/deconvolve.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/deconvolve.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/differentiation.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/differentiation.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/differentiation.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/differentiation.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_exponential.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_exponential.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_exponential.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_exponential.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_exponential_weighted.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_exponential_weighted.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_exponential_weighted.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_exponential_weighted.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_gaussian.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_gaussian.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_gaussian.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_gaussian.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_gaussian_weighted.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_gaussian_weighted.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_gaussian_weighted.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_gaussian_weighted.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_gradient_unweighted.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_gradient_unweighted.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_gradient_unweighted.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_gradient_unweighted.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_gradient_weighted.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_gradient_weighted.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_gradient_weighted.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_gradient_weighted.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_linear_unweighted.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_linear_unweighted.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_linear_unweighted.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_linear_unweighted.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_linear_weighted.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_linear_weighted.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_linear_weighted.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_linear_weighted.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_lorentzian.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_lorentzian.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_lorentzian.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_lorentzian.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_lorentzian_weighted.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_lorentzian_weighted.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_lorentzian_weighted.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_lorentzian_weighted.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_polynomial_unweighted.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_polynomial_unweighted.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_polynomial_unweighted.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_polynomial_unweighted.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_polynomial_weighted.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_polynomial_weighted.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_polynomial_weighted.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_polynomial_weighted.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_sinusoid_unweighted.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_sinusoid_unweighted.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_sinusoid_unweighted.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_sinusoid_unweighted.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_sinusoid_weighted.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_sinusoid_weighted.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_sinusoid_weighted.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstfit_sinusoid_weighted.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstinterp_akima.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstinterp_akima.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstinterp_akima.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstinterp_akima.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstinterp_akima_periodic.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstinterp_akima_periodic.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstinterp_akima_periodic.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstinterp_akima_periodic.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstinterp_cspline.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstinterp_cspline.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstinterp_cspline.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstinterp_cspline.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstinterp_cspline_periodic.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstinterp_cspline_periodic.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstinterp_cspline_periodic.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstinterp_cspline_periodic.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstinterp_linear.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstinterp_linear.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstinterp_linear.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstinterp_linear.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstinterp_polynomial.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstinterp_polynomial.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstinterp_polynomial.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/kstinterp_polynomial.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/linefit.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/linefit.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/linefit.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/linefit.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/noise_addition.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/noise_addition.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/noise_addition.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/noise_addition.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/periodogram.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/periodogram.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/periodogram.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/periodogram.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/phase.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/phase.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/phase.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/phase.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/statistics.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/statistics.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/statistics.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/statistics.xml
lib/kde3/kstplugins/syncbin.a
lib/kde3/kstplugins/syncbin.la
lib/kde3/kstplugins/syncbin.so
lib/kde3/kstplugins/syncbin.xml
lib/kde3/plugins/designer/kstwidgets.a
lib/kde3/plugins/designer/kstwidgets.so
lib/kde3/plugins/designer/kstwidgets.la
lib/libkst.a
lib/libkst.la
lib/libkst.so
lib/libkst.so.1
lib/libkstapp.a
lib/libkstapp.la
lib/libkstapp.so
lib/libkstapp.so.1
lib/libkstextdate.a
lib/libkstextdate.la
lib/libkstextdate.so
lib/libkstextdate.so.3
lib/libkstmath.a
lib/libkstmath.la
lib/libkstmath.so
lib/libkstmath.so.1
lib/libkstwidgets.a
lib/libkstwidgets.la
lib/libkstwidgets.so
lib/libkstwidgets.so.1
share/applnk/Applications/Sciences/kst.desktop
share/apps/kconf_update/kstautosave11.upd
share/apps/kconf_update/kstrcmisc11.upd
share/apps/kst/fonts/adobe-symbol.enc.gz
share/apps/kst/fonts/symb08.pcf.gz
share/apps/kst/fonts/symb10.pcf.gz
share/apps/kst/fonts/symb12.pcf.gz
share/apps/kst/fonts/symb14.pcf.gz
share/apps/kst/fonts/symb18.pcf.gz
share/apps/kst/fonts/symb24.pcf.gz
share/apps/kst/kstextension_elog.rc
share/apps/kst/kstextension_js.rc
share/apps/kst/kstextension_pulse.rc
share/apps/kst/kstui.rc
share/apps/kst/pics/kst_error_1.png
share/apps/kst/pics/kst_error_2.png
share/apps/kst/pics/no.png
share/apps/kst/pics/yes.png
share/apps/kst/tutorial/all.kst
share/apps/kst/tutorial/boom.dat
share/apps/kst/tutorial/boomA.dat
share/apps/kst/tutorial/boomAB.dat
share/apps/kst/tutorial/boomB.dat
share/apps/kst/tutorial/boom_lce.dat
share/apps/kst/tutorial/cbi.dat
share/apps/kst/tutorial/combined.dat
share/apps/kst/tutorial/dasi.dat
share/apps/kst/tutorial/demo.kst
share/apps/kst/tutorial/gyrodata.dat
share/apps/kst/tutorial/maxima.dat
share/apps/kst/tutorial/vsa.dat
share/config/colors/IDL 00 BW-Linear
share/config/colors/IDL 01 Blue-White
share/config/colors/IDL 02 GRN-RED-BLU-WHT
share/config/colors/IDL 03 RED-Temperature
share/config/colors/IDL 04 BLU-GRN-RED-YEL
share/config/colors/IDL 05 STD-Gamma-II
share/config/colors/IDL 06 PRISM
share/config/colors/IDL 07 RED-PURPLE
share/config/colors/IDL 08 GRN-WHT-Linear
share/config/colors/IDL 09 GRN-WHT-Exp
share/config/colors/IDL 10 GRN-PINK
share/config/colors/IDL 11 BLUE-RED
share/config/colors/IDL 12 16-Level
share/config/colors/IDL 13 RAINBOW
share/config/colors/IDL 14 STEPS
share/config/colors/IDL 15 STERN-Special
share/config/colors/IDL 16 Haze
share/config/colors/IDL 17 BLU-Pastel-RED
share/config/colors/IDL 18 Pastels
share/config/colors/IDL 19 Hue-Sat-Light1
share/config/colors/IDL 20 Hue-Sat-Light2
share/config/colors/IDL 21 Hue-Sat-Value1
share/config/colors/IDL 22 Hue-Sat-Value2
share/config/colors/IDL 23 Purple-Red-Stripe
share/config/colors/IDL 24 Beach
share/config/colors/IDL 25 Mac-Style
share/config/colors/IDL 26 Eos-A
share/config/colors/IDL 27 Eos-B
share/config/colors/IDL 28 Hardcandy
share/config/colors/IDL 29 Nature
share/config/colors/IDL 30 Ocean
share/config/colors/IDL 31 Peppermint
share/config/colors/IDL 32 Plasma
share/config/colors/IDL 33 Blue-Red
share/config/colors/IDL 34 Rainbow
share/config/colors/IDL 35 Blue-Waves
share/config/colors/IDL 36 Volcano
share/config/colors/IDL 37 Waves
share/config/colors/IDL 38 Rainbow18
share/config/colors/IDL 39 Rainbow-White
share/config/colors/IDL 40 Rainbow-Black
share/config/colors/Kst Colors
share/config/colors/Kst Grayscale 256
share/config/colors/Kst Spectrum 1021
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/additionalformats-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/commandline-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/common
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/commontasks-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/creatingplugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/data-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/dcop-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/debuglog-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/eventmonitoring-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/index.cache.bz2
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/index.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/install-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/intro-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/license-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/miscfeatures-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/plotsandwindows-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/plugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/saving-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/tutorial.docbook
share/doc/HTML/de/kst/dcop-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/de/kst/intro-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/de/kst/license-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Diagram-kst-array.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Diagram-kst-datatypes.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Diagram-kst-frames.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Diagram-kst-matrix.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Diagram-kst-windowplotrelation.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Equation-kst-correctedpitch.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-autocorrelation.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-autocorrelation2.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-bandpass.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-bandstop.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-convolution.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-crosscorrelation.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-deconvolution.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-exponentialfitequation.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-gaussianfitequation.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-gaussianprobability.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-generallinearmodel.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-generallinearmodelexample.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-gradientequation.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-gradientsumofsquares.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-highpass.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-linefitequation.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-linefitsumofsquaredresiduals.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-lorentzianfitequation.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-lowpass.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-polynomialfitequation.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-sinusoidfitequation.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Icon-kst-datamanager.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Icon-kst-datawizard.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Icon-kst-layoutmode.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Icon-kst-tiedzoom.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Icon-kst-xmousezoom.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Icon-kst-xymousezoom.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-arraywindow.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-configureshortcutswindow.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-curveoptions.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-curvewindow.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-datamanager.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-datamode.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-datawizard1.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-datawizard2.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-datawizard3.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-debuglog.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-defineshortcutwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-demo.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-democorrected.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-editequation.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-equationwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-eventmonitor-loggingsettings.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-eventmonitor-serversettings.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-eventmonitor.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-exportgraphics.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-filesave.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-fittedline.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-histogramwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-imagewindow.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-labeleditor.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-mainwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-matrixwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-maxima-datapoints.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-mditabpage.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-mditoplevel.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-multipleselectedplots.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-open-file-button.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialogcontent.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialoglabels.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialoglegend.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialoglimits.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialogmarkers.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialogtop.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-pluginswindow.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-powerspectrawindow.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-quickstart.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-simpledata.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-tiedzoom.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-tutorial-datawizard-done.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-tutorial-gyro-multiple.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-tutorial-gyro1.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-vectorwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-zoom.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Symbol-kst-Gamma.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Symbol-kst-lambda.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Symbol-kst-mu.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Symbol-kst-sigma.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Symbol-kst-theta.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Widget-kst-close.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Widget-kst-colourchooser.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Widget-kst-defaultcolours.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Widget-kst-maximize.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Widget-kst-minimize.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Widget-kst-swapcolour.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Widget-kst-undock.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/additionalformats-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/commandline-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/common
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/commontasks-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/creatingplugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/data-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/dcop-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/debuglog-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/eventmonitoring-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/index.cache.bz2
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/index.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/install-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/intro-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/kst.1
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/license-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/miscfeatures-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/plotsandwindows-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/plugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/saving-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/tutorial.docbook
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Diagram-kst-array.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Diagram-kst-datatypes.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Diagram-kst-frames.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Diagram-kst-matrix.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Diagram-kst-windowplotrelation.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Equation-kst-correctedpitch.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-autocorrelation.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-autocorrelation2.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-bandpass.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-bandstop.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-convolution.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-crosscorrelation.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-deconvolution.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-exponentialfitequation.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-gaussianfitequation.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-gaussianprobability.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-generallinearmodel.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-generallinearmodelexample.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-gradientequation.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-gradientsumofsquares.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-highpass.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-linefitequation.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-linefitsumofsquaredresiduals.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-lorentzianfitequation.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-lowpass.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-polynomialfitequation.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-sinusoidfitequation.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Icon-kst-datamanager.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Icon-kst-datawizard.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Icon-kst-layoutmode.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Icon-kst-tiedzoom.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Icon-kst-xmousezoom.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Icon-kst-xymousezoom.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-arraywindow.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-configureshortcutswindow.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-curveoptions.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-curvewindow.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-datamanager.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-datamode.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-datawizard1.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-datawizard2.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-datawizard3.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-debuglog.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-defineshortcutwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-demo.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-democorrected.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-editequation.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-equationwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-eventmonitor-loggingsettings.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-eventmonitor-serversettings.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-eventmonitor.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-exportgraphics.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-filesave.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-fittedline.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-histogramwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-imagewindow.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-labeleditor.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-mainwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-matrixwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-maxima-datapoints.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-mditabpage.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-mditoplevel.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-multipleselectedplots.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-open-file-button.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialogcontent.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialoglabels.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialoglegend.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialoglimits.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialogmarkers.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialogtop.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-pluginswindow.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-powerspectrawindow.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-quickstart.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-simpledata.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-tiedzoom.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-tutorial-datawizard-done.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-tutorial-gyro-multiple.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-tutorial-gyro1.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-vectorwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-zoom.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Symbol-kst-Gamma.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Symbol-kst-lambda.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Symbol-kst-mu.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Symbol-kst-sigma.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Symbol-kst-theta.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Widget-kst-close.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Widget-kst-colourchooser.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Widget-kst-defaultcolours.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Widget-kst-maximize.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Widget-kst-minimize.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Widget-kst-swapcolour.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Widget-kst-undock.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/additionalformats-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/commandline-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/creatingplugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/data-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/dcop-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/debuglog-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/install-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/intro-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/license-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/miscfeatures-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/plotsandwindows-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/plugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/saving-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-curveoptions.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-curvewindow.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-datamanager.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-datawizard2.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-datawizard3.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-debuglog.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-demo.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-democorrected.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-editequation.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-equationwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-eventmonitor.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-exportgraphics.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-filesave.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-fittedline.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-histogramwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-imagewindow.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-matrixwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-maxima-datapoints.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-mditabpage.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-mditoplevel.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialogcontent.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialoglabels.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialoglegend.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialoglimits.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialogmarkers.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialogtop.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-powerspectrawindow.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-quickstart.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-simpledata.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-tiedzoom.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-tutorial-datawizard-done.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-tutorial-gyro-multiple.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-tutorial-gyro1.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-vectorwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-zoom.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Widget-kst-colourchooser.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/additionalformats-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/commandline-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/common
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/commontasks-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/creatingplugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/data-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/dcop-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/debuglog-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/eventmonitoring-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/index.cache.bz2
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/index.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/install-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/intro-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/license-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/miscfeatures-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/plotsandwindows-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/plugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/saving-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/tutorial.docbook
share/doc/HTML/fr/kst/common
share/doc/HTML/fr/kst/index.cache.bz2
share/doc/HTML/fr/kst/index.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/Diagram-kst-datatypes.png
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/Diagram-kst-frames.png
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/Diagram-kst-matrix.png
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/Diagram-kst-windowplotrelation.png
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/Screenshot-kst-curveoptions.png
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/Screenshot-kst-datawizard2.png
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/Screenshot-kst-datawizard3.png
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/Screenshot-kst-quickstart.png
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/Screenshot-kst-simpledata.png
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/additionalformats-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/commandline-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/common
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/commontasks-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/creatingplugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/data-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/dcop-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/debuglog-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/eventmonitoring-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/index.cache.bz2
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/index.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/install-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/intro-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/license-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/miscfeatures-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/plotsandwindows-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/plugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/saving-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/tutorial.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/additionalformats-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/commandline-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/common
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/commontasks-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/creatingplugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/data-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/dcop-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/debuglog-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/eventmonitoring-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/index.cache.bz2
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/index.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/install-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/intro-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/license-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/miscfeatures-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/plotsandwindows-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/plugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/saving-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/tutorial.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/additionalformats-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/commandline-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/common
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/commontasks-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/creatingplugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/data-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/dcop-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/debuglog-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/eventmonitoring-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/index.cache.bz2
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/index.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/install-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/intro-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/license-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/miscfeatures-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/plotsandwindows-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/plugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/saving-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/tutorial.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Diagram-kst-datatypes.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Diagram-kst-frames.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Diagram-kst-matrix.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Diagram-kst-windowplotrelation.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-configureshortcutswindow.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-curveoptions.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-curvewindow.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-datamanager.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-datawizard2.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-datawizard3.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-debuglog.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-defineshortcutwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-demo.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-democorrected.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-editequation.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-equationwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-eventmonitor-loggingsettings.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-eventmonitor-serversettings.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-eventmonitor.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-exportgraphics.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-filesave.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-fittedline.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-histogramwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-imagewindow.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-labeleditor.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-matrixwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-maxima-datapoints.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-mditabpage.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-mditoplevel.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-multipleselectedplots.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialogcontent.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialoglabels.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialoglegend.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialoglimits.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialogmarkers.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialogtop.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-pluginswindow.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-powerspectrawindow.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-quickstart.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-simpledata.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-tutorial-datawizard-done.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-tutorial-gyro-multiple.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-tutorial-gyro1.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-vectorwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-zoom.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/additionalformats-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/commandline-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/common
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/commontasks-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/creatingplugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/data-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/dcop-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/debuglog-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/eventmonitoring-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/index.cache.bz2
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/index.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/install-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/intro-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/license-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/miscfeatures-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/plotsandwindows-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/plugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/saving-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/tutorial.docbook
share/icons/hicolor/16x16/mimetypes/kst.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/addelogentry.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_advance.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_back.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_changefile.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_changenpts.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_choosecolor.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_csdnew.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_curvenew.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_datamanager.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_datamode.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_datawizard.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_differentiatecurves.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_editplots.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_equationnew.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_eventnew.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_gfx_arrow.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_gfx_ellipse.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_gfx_line.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_gfx_picture.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_gfx_polygon.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_gfx_polyline.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_gfx_rectangle.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_gfx_rounded_rectangle.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_graphfile.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_graphics.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_histogramnew.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_imagenew.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_layoutmode.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_matrixnew.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_pluginnew.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_psdnew.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_vectornew.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_zoomtie.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_zoomx.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_zoomxy.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_zoomy.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/launchelogbrowser.png
share/icons/hicolor/32x32/mimetypes/kst.png
share/icons/locolor/16x16/apps/kst.png
share/icons/locolor/16x16/mimetypes/kst.png
share/icons/locolor/32x32/apps/kst.png
share/icons/locolor/32x32/mimetypes/kst.png
share/locale/bg/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/br/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/br/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/ca/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/ca/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/cs/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/cs/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/cy/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/cy/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/da/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/da/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/de/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/de/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/el/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/el/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/et/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/et/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/ga/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/ga/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/hi/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/hi/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/is/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/is/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/it/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/it/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/lt/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/lt/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/mt/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/mt/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/nb/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/nl/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/nl/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/nn/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/pa/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/pl/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/pl/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/pt/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/pt/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/ro/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/ro/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/rw/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/rw/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/sr/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/sr/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/sr@Latn/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/sr@Latn/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/sv/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/sv/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/ta/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/ta/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/tr/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/tr/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/mimelnk/application/x-kst.desktop
share/services/kst/kstdata_ascii.desktop
%%CDF%%share/services/kst/kstdata_cdf.desktop
share/services/kst/kstdata_dirfile.desktop
share/services/kst/kstdata_fitsimage.desktop
share/services/kst/kstdata_frame.desktop
share/services/kst/kstdata_healpix.desktop
share/services/kst/kstdata_indirect.desktop
share/services/kst/kstdata_lfiio.desktop
%%NETCDF%%share/services/kst/kstdata_netcdf.desktop
share/services/kst/kstdata_qimagesource.desktop
share/services/kst/kstextension_elog.desktop
share/services/kst/kstextension_js.desktop
share/services/kst/kstextension_pulse.desktop
share/servicetypes/kst/kstdatasourceplugin.desktop
share/servicetypes/kst/kstextension.desktop
share/servicetypes/kst/kstfilter.desktop
share/servicetypes/kst/kstplugin.desktop
@dirrm share/servicetypes/kst
@dirrm share/services/kst
@dirrmtry share/locale/zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES
@dirrmtry share/locale/zh_CN
@dirrmtry share/locale/sr/LC_MESSAGES
@dirrmtry share/locale/sr
@dirrmtry share/locale/rw/LC_MESSAGES
@dirrmtry share/locale/rw
@dirrmtry share/locale/ro/LC_MESSAGES
@dirrmtry share/locale/ro
@dirrmtry share/locale/pt/LC_MESSAGES
@dirrmtry share/locale/pt
@dirrmtry share/locale/pl/LC_MESSAGES
@dirrmtry share/locale/pl
@dirrmtry share/locale/nn/LC_MESSAGES
@dirrmtry share/locale/nn
@dirrmtry share/locale/el/LC_MESSAGES
@dirrmtry share/locale/el
@dirrmtry share/locale/cs/LC_MESSAGES
@dirrmtry share/locale/cs
@dirrmtry share/locale/ca/LC_MESSAGES
@dirrmtry share/locale/ca
@dirrm share/doc/HTML/sv/kst
@dirrm share/doc/HTML/pt/kst
@dirrm share/doc/HTML/nl/kst
@dirrm share/doc/HTML/it/kst
@dirrm share/doc/HTML/fr/kst
@dirrm share/doc/HTML/et/kst
@dirrm share/doc/HTML/es/kst
@dirrm share/doc/HTML/en/kst
@dirrm share/doc/HTML/de/kst
@dirrm share/doc/HTML/da/kst
@dirrmtry share/config/colors
@dirrmtry share/config
@dirrm share/apps/kst/tutorial
@dirrm share/apps/kst/pics
@dirrm share/apps/kst/fonts
@dirrm share/apps/kst
@dirrmtry share/apps/kconf_update
@dirrmtry share/applnk/Applications/Sciences
@dirrm lib/kde3/kstplugins
@dirrmtry lib/kde3/plugins/designer
@dirrmtry lib/kde3/plugins
