@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/adsi.conf %D/etc/asterisk/adsi.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/adsi.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/adsi.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/adtranvofr.conf %D/etc/asterisk/adtranvofr.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/adtranvofr.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/adtranvofr.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/agents.conf %D/etc/asterisk/agents.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/agents.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/agents.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/alarmreceiver.conf %D/etc/asterisk/alarmreceiver.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/alarmreceiver.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/alarmreceiver.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/alsa.conf %D/etc/asterisk/alsa.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/alsa.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/alsa.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/asterisk.adsi %D/etc/asterisk/asterisk.adsi-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/asterisk.adsi; fi
etc/asterisk/asterisk.adsi-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/asterisk.conf %D/etc/asterisk/asterisk.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/asterisk.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/asterisk.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/cdr.conf %D/etc/asterisk/cdr.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/cdr.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/cdr.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/cdr_custom.conf %D/etc/asterisk/cdr_custom.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/cdr_custom.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/cdr_custom.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/cdr_manager.conf %D/etc/asterisk/cdr_manager.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/cdr_manager.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/cdr_manager.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/cdr_odbc.conf %D/etc/asterisk/cdr_odbc.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/cdr_odbc.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/cdr_odbc.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/cdr_pgsql.conf %D/etc/asterisk/cdr_pgsql.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/cdr_pgsql.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/cdr_pgsql.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/cdr_tds.conf %D/etc/asterisk/cdr_tds.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/cdr_tds.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/cdr_tds.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/codecs.conf %D/etc/asterisk/codecs.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/codecs.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/codecs.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/dnsmgr.conf %D/etc/asterisk/dnsmgr.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/dnsmgr.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/dnsmgr.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/dundi.conf %D/etc/asterisk/dundi.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/dundi.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/dundi.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/enum.conf %D/etc/asterisk/enum.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/enum.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/enum.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/extconfig.conf %D/etc/asterisk/extconfig.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/extconfig.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/extconfig.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/extensions.ael %D/etc/asterisk/extensions.ael-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/extensions.ael; fi
etc/asterisk/extensions.ael-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/extensions.conf %D/etc/asterisk/extensions.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/extensions.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/extensions.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/features.conf %D/etc/asterisk/features.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/features.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/features.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/festival.conf %D/etc/asterisk/festival.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/festival.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/festival.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/iax.conf %D/etc/asterisk/iax.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/iax.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/iax.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/iaxprov.conf %D/etc/asterisk/iaxprov.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/iaxprov.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/iaxprov.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/indications.conf %D/etc/asterisk/indications.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/indications.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/indications.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/logger.conf %D/etc/asterisk/logger.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/logger.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/logger.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/manager.conf %D/etc/asterisk/manager.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/manager.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/manager.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/meetme.conf %D/etc/asterisk/meetme.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/meetme.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/meetme.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/mgcp.conf %D/etc/asterisk/mgcp.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/mgcp.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/mgcp.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/misdn.conf %D/etc/asterisk/misdn.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/misdn.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/misdn.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/modem.conf %D/etc/asterisk/modem.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/modem.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/modem.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/modules.conf %D/etc/asterisk/modules.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/modules.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/modules.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/musiconhold.conf %D/etc/asterisk/musiconhold.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/musiconhold.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/musiconhold.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/osp.conf %D/etc/asterisk/osp.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/osp.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/osp.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/oss.conf %D/etc/asterisk/oss.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/oss.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/oss.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/phone.conf %D/etc/asterisk/phone.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/phone.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/phone.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/privacy.conf %D/etc/asterisk/privacy.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/privacy.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/privacy.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/queues.conf %D/etc/asterisk/queues.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/queues.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/queues.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/res_odbc.conf %D/etc/asterisk/res_odbc.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/res_odbc.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/res_odbc.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/rpt.conf %D/etc/asterisk/rpt.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/rpt.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/rpt.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/rtp.conf %D/etc/asterisk/rtp.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/rtp.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/rtp.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/sip.conf %D/etc/asterisk/sip.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/sip.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/sip.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/sip_notify.conf %D/etc/asterisk/sip_notify.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/sip_notify.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/sip_notify.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/skinny.conf %D/etc/asterisk/skinny.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/skinny.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/skinny.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/telcordia-1.adsi %D/etc/asterisk/telcordia-1.adsi-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/telcordia-1.adsi; fi
etc/asterisk/telcordia-1.adsi-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/voicemail.conf %D/etc/asterisk/voicemail.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/voicemail.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/voicemail.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/vpb.conf %D/etc/asterisk/vpb.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/vpb.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/vpb.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/zapata.conf %D/etc/asterisk/zapata.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/zapata.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/zapata.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/udptl.conf %D/etc/asterisk/udptl.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/udptl.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/udptl.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/users.conf %D/etc/asterisk/users.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/users.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/users.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/smdi.conf %D/etc/asterisk/smdi.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/smdi.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/smdi.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/sla.conf %D/etc/asterisk/sla.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/sla.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/sla.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/say.conf %D/etc/asterisk/say.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/say.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/say.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/res_snmp.conf %D/etc/asterisk/res_snmp.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/res_snmp.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/res_snmp.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/muted.conf %D/etc/asterisk/muted.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/muted.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/muted.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/jabber.conf %D/etc/asterisk/jabber.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/jabber.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/jabber.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/http.conf %D/etc/asterisk/http.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/http.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/http.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/h323.conf %D/etc/asterisk/h323.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/h323.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/h323.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/gtalk.conf %D/etc/asterisk/gtalk.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/gtalk.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/gtalk.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/func_odbc.conf %D/etc/asterisk/func_odbc.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/func_odbc.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/func_odbc.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/followme.conf %D/etc/asterisk/followme.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/followme.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/followme.conf-dist
@unexec if cmp -s %D/etc/asterisk/amd.conf %D/etc/asterisk/amd.conf-dist; then rm -f %D/etc/asterisk/amd.conf; fi
etc/asterisk/amd.conf-dist
include/asterisk.h
include/asterisk/abstract_jb.h
include/asterisk/acl.h
include/asterisk/adsi.h
include/asterisk/ael_structs.h
include/asterisk/aes.h
include/asterisk/agi.h
include/asterisk/alaw.h
include/asterisk/app.h
include/asterisk/ast_expr.h
include/asterisk/astdb.h
include/asterisk/astmm.h
include/asterisk/astobj.h
include/asterisk/astosp.h
include/asterisk/autoconfig.h
include/asterisk/build.h
include/asterisk/buildopts.h
include/asterisk/callerid.h
include/asterisk/causes.h
include/asterisk/cdr.h
include/asterisk/channel.h
include/asterisk/chanspy.h
include/asterisk/chanvars.h
include/asterisk/cli.h
include/asterisk/compat.h
include/asterisk/compiler.h
include/asterisk/config.h
include/asterisk/crypto.h
include/asterisk/devicestate.h
include/asterisk/dial.h
include/asterisk/dlfcn-compat.h
include/asterisk/dns.h
include/asterisk/dnsmgr.h
include/asterisk/doxyref.h
include/asterisk/dsp.h
include/asterisk/dundi.h
include/asterisk/endian.h
include/asterisk/enum.h
include/asterisk/features.h
include/asterisk/file.h
include/asterisk/frame.h
include/asterisk/fskmodem.h
include/asterisk/http.h
include/asterisk/image.h
include/asterisk/indications.h
include/asterisk/inline_api.h
include/asterisk/io.h
include/asterisk/jabber.h
include/asterisk/jingle.h
include/asterisk/linkedlists.h
include/asterisk/localtime.h
include/asterisk/lock.h
include/asterisk/logger.h
include/asterisk/manager.h
include/asterisk/md5.h
include/asterisk/module.h
include/asterisk/monitor.h
include/asterisk/musiconhold.h
include/asterisk/netsock.h
include/asterisk/options.h
include/asterisk/paths.h
include/asterisk/pbx.h
include/asterisk/plc.h
include/asterisk/poll-compat.h
include/asterisk/privacy.h
include/asterisk/res_odbc.h
include/asterisk/rtp.h
include/asterisk/say.h
include/asterisk/sched.h
include/asterisk/sha1.h
include/asterisk/slinfactory.h
include/asterisk/smdi.h
include/asterisk/speech.h
include/asterisk/srv.h
include/asterisk/stringfields.h
include/asterisk/strings.h
include/asterisk/tdd.h
include/asterisk/term.h
include/asterisk/threadstorage.h
include/asterisk/time.h
include/asterisk/transcap.h
include/asterisk/translate.h
include/asterisk/udptl.h
include/asterisk/ulaw.h
include/asterisk/unaligned.h
include/asterisk/utils.h
include/asterisk/version.h
lib/asterisk/modules/app_adsiprog.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_alarmreceiver.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_amd.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_authenticate.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_cdr.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_chanisavail.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_channelredirect.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_chanspy.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_controlplayback.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_db.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_dial.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_dictate.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_directed_pickup.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_directory.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_disa.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_dumpchan.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_echo.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_exec.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_externalivr.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_festival.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_followme.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_forkcdr.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_getcpeid.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_hasnewvoicemail.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_ices.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_image.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_lookupblacklist.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_lookupcidname.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_macro.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_milliwatt.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_mixmonitor.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_morsecode.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_mp3.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_nbscat.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_parkandannounce.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_playback.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_privacy.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_queue.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_random.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_read.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_readfile.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_realtime.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_record.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_sayunixtime.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_senddtmf.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_sendtext.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_setcallerid.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_setcdruserfield.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_settransfercapability.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_sms.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_softhangup.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_speech_utils.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_stack.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_system.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_talkdetect.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_test.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_transfer.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_url.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_userevent.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_verbose.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_voicemail.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_waitforring.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_waitforsilence.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_while.so
lib/asterisk/modules/app_zapateller.so
lib/asterisk/modules/cdr_csv.so
lib/asterisk/modules/cdr_custom.so
lib/asterisk/modules/cdr_manager.so
%%WITH_POSTGRES%%lib/asterisk/modules/cdr_pgsql.so
%%WITH_RADIUS%%lib/asterisk/modules/cdr_radius.so
lib/asterisk/modules/chan_agent.so
lib/asterisk/modules/chan_features.so
lib/asterisk/modules/chan_iax2.so
lib/asterisk/modules/chan_local.so
lib/asterisk/modules/chan_mgcp.so
lib/asterisk/modules/chan_oss.so
lib/asterisk/modules/chan_sip.so
lib/asterisk/modules/chan_skinny.so
lib/asterisk/modules/codec_a_mu.so
lib/asterisk/modules/codec_adpcm.so
lib/asterisk/modules/codec_alaw.so
lib/asterisk/modules/codec_g726.so
lib/asterisk/modules/codec_gsm.so
lib/asterisk/modules/codec_ilbc.so
lib/asterisk/modules/codec_lpc10.so
lib/asterisk/modules/codec_speex.so
lib/asterisk/modules/codec_ulaw.so
lib/asterisk/modules/format_g723.so
lib/asterisk/modules/format_g726.so
lib/asterisk/modules/format_g729.so
lib/asterisk/modules/format_gsm.so
lib/asterisk/modules/format_h263.so
lib/asterisk/modules/format_h264.so
lib/asterisk/modules/format_ilbc.so
lib/asterisk/modules/format_jpeg.so
%%WITH_OGGVORBIS%%lib/asterisk/modules/format_ogg_vorbis.so
lib/asterisk/modules/format_pcm.so
lib/asterisk/modules/format_sln.so
lib/asterisk/modules/format_vox.so
lib/asterisk/modules/format_wav.so
lib/asterisk/modules/format_wav_gsm.so
lib/asterisk/modules/func_base64.so
lib/asterisk/modules/func_callerid.so
lib/asterisk/modules/func_cdr.so
lib/asterisk/modules/func_channel.so
lib/asterisk/modules/func_curl.so
lib/asterisk/modules/func_cut.so
lib/asterisk/modules/func_db.so
lib/asterisk/modules/func_enum.so
lib/asterisk/modules/func_env.so
lib/asterisk/modules/func_global.so
lib/asterisk/modules/func_groupcount.so
lib/asterisk/modules/func_language.so
lib/asterisk/modules/func_logic.so
lib/asterisk/modules/func_math.so
lib/asterisk/modules/func_md5.so
lib/asterisk/modules/func_moh.so
%%WITH_ODBC%%lib/asterisk/modules/func_odbc.so
lib/asterisk/modules/func_rand.so
lib/asterisk/modules/func_realtime.so
lib/asterisk/modules/func_sha1.so
lib/asterisk/modules/func_strings.so
lib/asterisk/modules/func_timeout.so
lib/asterisk/modules/func_uri.so
lib/asterisk/modules/pbx_ael.so
lib/asterisk/modules/pbx_config.so
lib/asterisk/modules/pbx_dundi.so
lib/asterisk/modules/pbx_loopback.so
lib/asterisk/modules/pbx_realtime.so
lib/asterisk/modules/pbx_spool.so
lib/asterisk/modules/res_adsi.so
lib/asterisk/modules/res_agi.so
lib/asterisk/modules/res_clioriginate.so
%%WITH_POSTGRES%%lib/asterisk/modules/res_config_pgsql.so
lib/asterisk/modules/res_convert.so
lib/asterisk/modules/res_crypto.so
lib/asterisk/modules/res_features.so
lib/asterisk/modules/res_indications.so
lib/asterisk/modules/res_monitor.so
lib/asterisk/modules/res_musiconhold.so
lib/asterisk/modules/res_smdi.so
%%WITH_SNMP%%lib/asterisk/modules/res_snmp.so
lib/asterisk/modules/res_speech.so
sbin/aelparse
sbin/asterisk
sbin/astgenkey
sbin/astman
sbin/autosupport
sbin/muted
sbin/rasterisk
sbin/safe_asterisk
sbin/smsq
sbin/stereorize
sbin/streamplayer
share/asterisk/agi-bin/agi-test.agi
share/asterisk/agi-bin/eagi-sphinx-test
share/asterisk/agi-bin/eagi-test
share/asterisk/agi-bin/jukebox.agi
share/asterisk/firmware/iax/iaxy.bin
share/asterisk/images/asterisk-intro.jpg
share/asterisk/keys/freeworlddialup.pub
share/asterisk/keys/iaxtel.pub
share/asterisk/moh/.asterisk-moh-freeplay-wav
share/asterisk/moh/LICENSE-asterisk-moh-freeplay-wav
share/asterisk/moh/fpm-calm-river.wav
share/asterisk/moh/fpm-sunshine.wav
share/asterisk/moh/fpm-world-mix.wav
share/asterisk/sounds/.asterisk-core-sounds-en-gsm-1.4.6
share/asterisk/sounds/CREDITS-asterisk-core-en-1.4.6
share/asterisk/sounds/agent-alreadyon.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/agent-incorrect.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/agent-loggedoff.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/agent-loginok.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/agent-newlocation.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/agent-pass.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/agent-user.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/auth-incorrect.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/auth-thankyou.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/beep.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/beeperr.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-adminmenu.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-enteringno.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-errormenu.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-getchannel.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-getconfno.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-getpin.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-hasjoin.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-hasleft.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-invalid.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-invalidpin.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-kicked.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-leaderhasleft.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-locked.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-lockednow.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-muted.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-noempty.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-onlyone.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-onlyperson.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-otherinparty.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-placeintoconf.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-thereare.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-unlockednow.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-unmuted.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-usermenu.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-userswilljoin.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-userwilljoin.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/conf-waitforleader.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/core-sounds-en.txt
share/asterisk/sounds/demo-abouttotry.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/demo-congrats.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/demo-echodone.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/demo-echotest.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/demo-enterkeywords.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/demo-instruct.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/demo-moreinfo.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/demo-nogo.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/demo-nomatch.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/demo-thanks.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/dictate/both_help.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/dictate/enter_filename.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/dictate/forhelp.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/dictate/pause.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/dictate/paused.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/dictate/play_help.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/dictate/playback.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/dictate/playback_mode.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/dictate/record.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/dictate/record_help.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/dictate/record_mode.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/dictate/truncating_audio.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/0.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/1.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/10.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/11.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/12.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/13.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/14.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/15.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/16.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/17.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/18.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/19.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/2.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/20.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/3.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/30.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/4.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/40.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/5.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/50.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/6.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/60.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/7.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/70.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/8.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/80.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/9.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/90.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/a-m.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/at.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/day-0.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/day-1.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/day-2.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/day-3.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/day-4.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/day-5.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/day-6.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/dollars.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/h-1.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/h-10.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/h-11.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/h-12.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/h-13.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/h-14.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/h-15.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/h-16.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/h-17.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/h-18.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/h-19.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/h-2.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/h-20.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/h-3.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/h-30.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/h-4.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/h-5.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/h-6.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/h-7.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/h-8.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/h-9.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/hundred.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/million.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/minus.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/mon-0.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/mon-1.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/mon-10.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/mon-11.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/mon-2.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/mon-3.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/mon-4.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/mon-5.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/mon-6.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/mon-7.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/mon-8.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/mon-9.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/oclock.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/oh.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/p-m.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/pound.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/star.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/thousand.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/today.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/tomorrow.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/digits/yesterday.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/dir-instr.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/dir-intro-fn.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/dir-intro.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/dir-nomatch.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/dir-nomore.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/followme/call-from.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/followme/no-recording.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/followme/options.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/followme/pls-hold-while-try.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/followme/sorry.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/followme/status.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/hello-world.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/hours.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/invalid.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/a.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/at.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/b.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/c.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/d.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/dash.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/dollar.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/dot.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/e.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/equals.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/exclaimation-point.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/f.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/g.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/h.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/i.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/j.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/k.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/l.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/m.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/n.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/o.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/plus.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/q.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/r.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/s.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/slash.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/space.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/t.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/u.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/v.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/w.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/x.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/y.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/z.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/letters/zed.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/minutes.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/pbx-invalid.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/pbx-invalidpark.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/pbx-transfer.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/9_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/a_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/b_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/c_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/d_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/e_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/f_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/g_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/h_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/i_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/j_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/k_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/l_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/m_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/n_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/o_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/p_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/q_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/r_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/s_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/t_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/u_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/v_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/w_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/x_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/y_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic/z_p.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/priv-callee-options.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/priv-callpending.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/priv-introsaved.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/priv-recordintro.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/privacy-incorrect.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/privacy-prompt.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/privacy-thankyou.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/privacy-unident.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/queue-callswaiting.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/queue-holdtime.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/queue-less-than.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/queue-minutes.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/queue-periodic-announce.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/queue-reporthold.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/queue-seconds.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/queue-thankyou.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/queue-thereare.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/queue-youarenext.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/screen-callee-options.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/seconds.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/silence/1.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/silence/10.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/silence/2.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/silence/3.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/silence/4.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/silence/5.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/silence/6.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/silence/7.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/silence/8.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/silence/9.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/spy-agent.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/spy-h323.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/spy-iax.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/spy-iax2.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/spy-mgcp.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/spy-sip.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/spy-skinny.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/spy-zap.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/ss-noservice.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/transfer.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/tt-allbusy.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/tt-monkeys.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/tt-monkeysintro.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/tt-somethingwrong.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/tt-weasels.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-Cust1.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-Cust2.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-Cust3.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-Cust4.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-Cust5.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-Family.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-Friends.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-INBOX.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-Old.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-Work.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-advopts.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-and.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-calldiffnum.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-changeto.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-delete.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-deleted.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-dialout.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-enter-num-to-call.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-extension.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-first.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-for.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-forward.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-forwardoptions.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-from-extension.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-from-phonenumber.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-from.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-goodbye.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-helpexit.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-incorrect-mailbox.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-incorrect.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-instructions.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-intro.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-isonphone.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-isunavail.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-last.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-leavemsg.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-login.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-mailboxfull.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-message.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-messages.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-minutes.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-mismatch.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-msginstruct.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-msgsaved.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-newpassword.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-newuser.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-next.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-no.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-nobodyavail.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-nobox.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-nomore.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-nonumber.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-num-i-have.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-onefor.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-options.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-opts.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-passchanged.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-password.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-press.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-prev.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-reachoper.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-rec-busy.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-rec-name.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-rec-temp.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-rec-unv.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-received.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-reenterpassword.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-repeat.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-review.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-saved.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-savedto.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-savefolder.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-savemessage.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-saveoper.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-sorry.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-star-cancel.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-starmain.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-tempgreetactive.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-tempgreeting.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-tempgreeting2.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-tempremoved.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-then-pound.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-theperson.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-tocallback.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-tocallnum.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-tocancel.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-tocancelmsg.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-toenternumber.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-toforward.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-tohearenv.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-tomakecall.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-tooshort.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-toreply.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-torerecord.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-undelete.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-undeleted.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-unknown-caller.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-whichbox.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/vm-youhave.gsm
share/asterisk/sounds/x
share/asterisk/static-http/ajamdemo.html
share/asterisk/static-http/astman.css
share/asterisk/static-http/astman.js
share/asterisk/static-http/prototype.js
%%WITH_ZAPTEL%%lib/asterisk/modules/app_flash.so
%%WITH_ZAPTEL%%lib/asterisk/modules/app_meetme.so
%%WITH_ZAPTEL%%lib/asterisk/modules/app_page.so
%%WITH_ZAPTEL%%lib/asterisk/modules/app_zapbarge.so
%%WITH_ZAPTEL%%lib/asterisk/modules/app_zapras.so
%%WITH_ZAPTEL%%lib/asterisk/modules/app_zapscan.so
%%WITH_ODBC%%lib/asterisk/modules/cdr_odbc.so
%%WITH_H323%%lib/asterisk/modules/chan_h323.so
@comment ---NEEDS NEWEST ZAPTEL--- %%WITH_ZAPTEL%%lib/asterisk/modules/chan_zap.so
%%WITH_ODBC%%lib/asterisk/modules/res_config_odbc.so
%%WITH_ODBC%%lib/asterisk/modules/res_odbc.so
@dirrm share/asterisk/static-http
@dirrm share/asterisk/sounds/silence
@dirrm share/asterisk/sounds/phonetic
@dirrm share/asterisk/sounds/letters
@dirrm share/asterisk/sounds/fr
@dirrm share/asterisk/sounds/followme
@dirrm share/asterisk/sounds/es
@dirrm share/asterisk/sounds/digits
@dirrm share/asterisk/sounds/dictate
@dirrm share/asterisk/sounds
@dirrm share/asterisk/moh
@dirrm share/asterisk/keys
@dirrm share/asterisk/images
@dirrm share/asterisk/firmware/iax
@dirrm share/asterisk/firmware
@dirrm share/asterisk/agi-bin
@dirrm share/asterisk
@dirrm lib/asterisk/modules
@dirrm lib/asterisk
@dirrm include/asterisk
@cwd /var
spool/asterisk/voicemail/default/1234/busy.gsm
spool/asterisk/voicemail/default/1234/unavail.gsm
@exec mkdir -p %D/log/asterisk/cdr-csv
@exec mkdir -p %D/log/asterisk/cdr-custom
@exec mkdir -p %D/spool/asterisk/voicemail/default/1234/INBOX
@exec mkdir -p %D/spool/asterisk/dictate
@exec mkdir -p %D/spool/asterisk/meetme
@exec mkdir -p %D/spool/asterisk/monitor
@exec mkdir -p %D/spool/asterisk/system
@exec mkdir -p %D/spool/asterisk/tmp
@dirrm spool/asterisk/dictate
@dirrm spool/asterisk/meetme
@dirrm spool/asterisk/monitor
@dirrm spool/asterisk/system
@dirrm spool/asterisk/voicemail/default/1234/INBOX
@dirrm spool/asterisk/voicemail/default/1234
@dirrm spool/asterisk/voicemail/default
@dirrm spool/asterisk/voicemail
@dirrm spool/asterisk/tmp
@dirrm spool/asterisk
@dirrm log/asterisk/cdr-csv
@dirrm log/asterisk/cdr-custom
@dirrm log/asterisk
