share/grail/AppletLoader.py
share/grail/AppletLoader.pyc
share/grail/AppletRExec.py
share/grail/AppletRExec.pyc
share/grail/AsyncImage.py
share/grail/AsyncImage.pyc
share/grail/Authenticate.py
share/grail/Authenticate.pyc
share/grail/BaseApplication.py
share/grail/BaseApplication.pyc
share/grail/BaseReader.py
share/grail/BaseReader.pyc
share/grail/Browser.py
share/grail/Browser.pyc
share/grail/Cache.py
share/grail/Cache.pyc
share/grail/CacheMgr.py
share/grail/CacheMgr.pyc
share/grail/Context.py
share/grail/Context.pyc
share/grail/Cursors.py
share/grail/Cursors.pyc
share/grail/FileReader.py
share/grail/FileReader.pyc
share/grail/Grail.ad
share/grail/GrailHTMLParser.py
share/grail/GrailHTMLParser.pyc
share/grail/ImageCache.py
share/grail/ImageCache.pyc
share/grail/ImageMap.py
share/grail/ImageMap.pyc
share/grail/ImageWindow.py
share/grail/ImageWindow.pyc
share/grail/LICENSE
share/grail/README
share/grail/Reader.py
share/grail/Reader.pyc
share/grail/SampleGrailDir/LICENSE
share/grail/SampleGrailDir/custom.ps
share/grail/SampleGrailDir/icons/LICENSE
share/grail/SampleGrailDir/icons/alert.black.gif
share/grail/SampleGrailDir/icons/alert.red.gif
@dirrm share/grail/SampleGrailDir/icons
share/grail/SampleGrailDir/user/LICENSE
share/grail/SampleGrailDir/user/grailrc.py
share/grail/SampleGrailDir/user/grailrc.pyc
share/grail/SampleGrailDir/user/rcgrail.py
share/grail/SampleGrailDir/user/rcgrail.pyc
@dirrm share/grail/SampleGrailDir/user
@dirrm share/grail/SampleGrailDir
share/grail/Stylesheet.py
share/grail/Stylesheet.pyc
share/grail/Viewer.py
share/grail/Viewer.pyc
share/grail/about.html
share/grail/ancillary/BookmarksGUI.py
share/grail/ancillary/BookmarksGUI.pyc
share/grail/ancillary/BookmarksParser.py
share/grail/ancillary/BookmarksParser.pyc
share/grail/ancillary/DocumentInfo.py
share/grail/ancillary/DocumentInfo.pyc
share/grail/ancillary/GlobalHistory.py
share/grail/ancillary/GlobalHistory.pyc
share/grail/ancillary/GrailPrefs.py
share/grail/ancillary/GrailPrefs.pyc
share/grail/ancillary/Greek.py
share/grail/ancillary/Greek.pyc
share/grail/ancillary/History.py
share/grail/ancillary/History.pyc
share/grail/ancillary/IOStatusPanel.py
share/grail/ancillary/IOStatusPanel.pyc
share/grail/ancillary/LICENSE
share/grail/ancillary/MailDialog.py
share/grail/ancillary/MailDialog.py.orig
share/grail/ancillary/MailDialog.pyc
share/grail/ancillary/OpenURIDialog.py
share/grail/ancillary/OpenURIDialog.pyc
share/grail/ancillary/Outliner.py
share/grail/ancillary/Outliner.pyc
share/grail/ancillary/PrefsPanels.py
share/grail/ancillary/PrefsPanels.pyc
share/grail/ancillary/PrintDialog.py
share/grail/ancillary/PrintDialog.pyc
share/grail/ancillary/RemoteControl.py
share/grail/ancillary/RemoteControl.pyc
share/grail/ancillary/SearchMenu.py
share/grail/ancillary/SearchMenu.pyc
share/grail/ancillary/TbDialog.py
share/grail/ancillary/TbDialog.pyc
@dirrm share/grail/ancillary
share/grail/applets/Animator.py
share/grail/applets/Animator.pyc
share/grail/applets/ImageLoopItem.py
share/grail/applets/ImageLoopItem.pyc
share/grail/applets/LICENSE
share/grail/applets/popup.py
share/grail/applets/popup.pyc
@dirrm share/grail/applets
share/grail/biglogo.gif
share/grail/bkmktool.py
share/grail/bkmktool.pyc
share/grail/bookmarks/__init__.py
share/grail/bookmarks/__init__.pyc
share/grail/bookmarks/collection.py
share/grail/bookmarks/collection.pyc
share/grail/bookmarks/exporter.py
share/grail/bookmarks/exporter.pyc
share/grail/bookmarks/formats/__init__.py
share/grail/bookmarks/formats/__init__.pyc
share/grail/bookmarks/formats/html_parser.py
share/grail/bookmarks/formats/html_parser.pyc
share/grail/bookmarks/formats/html_scraper.py
share/grail/bookmarks/formats/html_scraper.pyc
share/grail/bookmarks/formats/html_writer.py
share/grail/bookmarks/formats/html_writer.pyc
share/grail/bookmarks/formats/pickle_parser.py
share/grail/bookmarks/formats/pickle_parser.pyc
share/grail/bookmarks/formats/pickle_writer.py
share/grail/bookmarks/formats/pickle_writer.pyc
share/grail/bookmarks/formats/xbel_parser.py
share/grail/bookmarks/formats/xbel_parser.pyc
share/grail/bookmarks/formats/xbel_writer.py
share/grail/bookmarks/formats/xbel_writer.pyc
@dirrm share/grail/bookmarks/formats
share/grail/bookmarks/iso8601.py
share/grail/bookmarks/iso8601.pyc
share/grail/bookmarks/main.py
share/grail/bookmarks/main.pyc
share/grail/bookmarks/nodes.py
share/grail/bookmarks/nodes.pyc
share/grail/bookmarks/search/KeywordSearch.py
share/grail/bookmarks/search/KeywordSearch.pyc
share/grail/bookmarks/search/__init__.py
share/grail/bookmarks/search/__init__.pyc
@dirrm share/grail/bookmarks/search
share/grail/bookmarks/walker.py
share/grail/bookmarks/walker.pyc
@dirrm share/grail/bookmarks
share/grail/dummies.py
share/grail/dummies.pyc
share/grail/filetypes/FlowingText.py
share/grail/filetypes/FlowingText.pyc
share/grail/filetypes/LICENSE
share/grail/filetypes/__init__.py
share/grail/filetypes/__init__.pyc
share/grail/filetypes/audio_basic.py
share/grail/filetypes/audio_basic.pyc
share/grail/filetypes/image_gif.py
share/grail/filetypes/image_gif.pyc
share/grail/filetypes/image_jpeg.py
share/grail/filetypes/image_jpeg.pyc
share/grail/filetypes/text_html.py
share/grail/filetypes/text_html.pyc
share/grail/filetypes/text_paragraph.py
share/grail/filetypes/text_paragraph.pyc
share/grail/filetypes/text_plain.py
share/grail/filetypes/text_plain.pyc
@dirrm share/grail/filetypes
share/grail/grail-defaults
share/grail/grail.py
share/grail/grail.pyc
share/grail/grsh.py
share/grail/grsh.pyc
share/grail/header.ps
share/grail/html/LICENSE
share/grail/html/__init__.py
share/grail/html/__init__.pyc
share/grail/html/fn.py
share/grail/html/fn.pyc
share/grail/html/form.py
share/grail/html/form.pyc
share/grail/html/frameset.py
share/grail/html/frameset.pyc
share/grail/html/isindex.py
share/grail/html/isindex.pyc
share/grail/html/table.py
share/grail/html/table.pyc
@dirrm share/grail/html
share/grail/html2ps.py
share/grail/html2ps.pyc
share/grail/icon.xbm
share/grail/iconmask.xbm
share/grail/icons/LICENSE
share/grail/icons/archive.gif
share/grail/icons/audio.gif
share/grail/icons/binary.document.gif
share/grail/icons/binhex.document.gif
share/grail/icons/calculator.gif
share/grail/icons/caution.gif
share/grail/icons/cd.i.gif
share/grail/icons/cd.rom.gif
share/grail/icons/circle.gif
share/grail/icons/clock.gif
share/grail/icons/compressed.document.gif
share/grail/icons/disc.gif
share/grail/icons/disk.drive.gif
share/grail/icons/diskette.gif
share/grail/icons/display.gif
share/grail/icons/document.gif
share/grail/icons/eps.color/LICENSE
@dirrm share/grail/icons/eps.color
share/grail/icons/eps.grey/LICENSE
@dirrm share/grail/icons/eps.grey
share/grail/icons/fax.gif
share/grail/icons/filing.cabinet.gif
share/grail/icons/film.gif
share/grail/icons/fixed.disk.gif
share/grail/icons/folder.gif
share/grail/icons/form.gif
share/grail/icons/ftp.gif
share/grail/icons/glossary.gif
share/grail/icons/gopher.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.1.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.10.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.11.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.12.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.13.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.14.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.15.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.16.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.17.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.18.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.19.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.2.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.20.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.21.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.22.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.23.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.24.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.25.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.26.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.27.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.28.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.29.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.3.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.30.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.31.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.32.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.33.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.34.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.35.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.4.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.5.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.6.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.7.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.8.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.9.gif
share/grail/icons/grail.logo.gif
share/grail/icons/home.gif
share/grail/icons/html.gif
share/grail/icons/image.gif
share/grail/icons/index.gif
share/grail/icons/keyboard.gif
share/grail/icons/mail.gif
share/grail/icons/mail.in.gif
share/grail/icons/mail.out.gif
share/grail/icons/map.gif
share/grail/icons/mouse.gif
share/grail/icons/network.gif
share/grail/icons/new.gif
share/grail/icons/next.gif
share/grail/icons/notebook.gif
share/grail/icons/parent.gif
share/grail/icons/play.fast.forward.gif
share/grail/icons/play.fast.reverse.gif
share/grail/icons/play.pause.gif
share/grail/icons/play.start.gif
share/grail/icons/play.stop.gif
share/grail/icons/previous.gif
share/grail/icons/printer.gif
share/grail/icons/sadsmiley.gif
share/grail/icons/smiley.gif
share/grail/icons/square.gif
share/grail/icons/stop.gif
share/grail/icons/summary.gif
share/grail/icons/telephone.gif
share/grail/icons/telnet.gif
share/grail/icons/text.document.gif
share/grail/icons/tn3270.gif
share/grail/icons/toc.gif
share/grail/icons/trash.gif
share/grail/icons/unknown.document.gif
share/grail/icons/uuencoded.document.gif
share/grail/icons/work.gif
share/grail/icons/www.gif
@dirrm share/grail/icons
share/grail/obj_postscript/__init__.py
share/grail/obj_postscript/__init__.pyc
share/grail/obj_postscript/application_postscript.py
share/grail/obj_postscript/application_postscript.pyc
@dirrm share/grail/obj_postscript
share/grail/obj_viewer/__init__.py
share/grail/obj_viewer/__init__.pyc
share/grail/obj_viewer/image.py
share/grail/obj_viewer/image.pyc
share/grail/obj_viewer/text_x_python.py
share/grail/obj_viewer/text_x_python.pyc
@dirrm share/grail/obj_viewer
share/grail/pinfo.py
share/grail/pinfo.pyc
share/grail/prefpanels/AppletsPanel.py
share/grail/prefpanels/AppletsPanel.pyc
share/grail/prefpanels/BookmarksPanel.py
share/grail/prefpanels/BookmarksPanel.pyc
share/grail/prefpanels/CachePanel.py
share/grail/prefpanels/CachePanel.pyc
share/grail/prefpanels/GeneralPanel.py
share/grail/prefpanels/GeneralPanel.pyc
share/grail/prefpanels/LICENSE
share/grail/prefpanels/PrintingPanel.py
share/grail/prefpanels/PrintingPanel.pyc
share/grail/prefpanels/ProxiesPanel.py
share/grail/prefpanels/ProxiesPanel.pyc
share/grail/prefpanels/StylePanel.py
share/grail/prefpanels/StylePanel.pyc
@dirrm share/grail/prefpanels
share/grail/printing/PSFont.py
share/grail/printing/PSFont.pyc
share/grail/printing/PSParser.py
share/grail/printing/PSParser.pyc
share/grail/printing/PSStream.py
share/grail/printing/PSStream.pyc
share/grail/printing/PSWriter.py
share/grail/printing/PSWriter.pyc
share/grail/printing/__init__.py
share/grail/printing/__init__.pyc
share/grail/printing/epstools.py
share/grail/printing/epstools.pyc
share/grail/printing/filetypes/__init__.py
share/grail/printing/filetypes/__init__.pyc
share/grail/printing/filetypes/text.py
share/grail/printing/filetypes/text.pyc
share/grail/printing/filetypes/text_html.py
share/grail/printing/filetypes/text_html.pyc
@dirrm share/grail/printing/filetypes
share/grail/printing/fonts/LICENSE
share/grail/printing/fonts/PSFont.py
share/grail/printing/fonts/PSFont.pyc
share/grail/printing/fonts/PSFont_Courier.py
share/grail/printing/fonts/PSFont_Courier.pyc
share/grail/printing/fonts/PSFont_Courier_Bold.py
share/grail/printing/fonts/PSFont_Courier_Bold.pyc
share/grail/printing/fonts/PSFont_Courier_BoldOblique.py
share/grail/printing/fonts/PSFont_Courier_BoldOblique.pyc
share/grail/printing/fonts/PSFont_Courier_Oblique.py
share/grail/printing/fonts/PSFont_Courier_Oblique.pyc
share/grail/printing/fonts/PSFont_Symbol.py
share/grail/printing/fonts/PSFont_Symbol.pyc
share/grail/printing/fonts/PSFont_Times_Bold.py
share/grail/printing/fonts/PSFont_Times_Bold.pyc
share/grail/printing/fonts/PSFont_Times_BoldItalic.py
share/grail/printing/fonts/PSFont_Times_BoldItalic.pyc
share/grail/printing/fonts/PSFont_Times_Italic.py
share/grail/printing/fonts/PSFont_Times_Italic.pyc
share/grail/printing/fonts/PSFont_Times_Roman.py
share/grail/printing/fonts/PSFont_Times_Roman.pyc
share/grail/printing/fonts/PSFont_ZapfDingbats.py
share/grail/printing/fonts/PSFont_ZapfDingbats.pyc
share/grail/printing/fonts/__init__.py
share/grail/printing/fonts/__init__.pyc
share/grail/printing/fonts/afm2py.py
share/grail/printing/fonts/afm2py.pyc
@dirrm share/grail/printing/fonts
share/grail/printing/main.py
share/grail/printing/main.pyc
share/grail/printing/paper.py
share/grail/printing/paper.pyc
share/grail/printing/settings.py
share/grail/printing/settings.pyc
share/grail/printing/utils.py
share/grail/printing/utils.pyc
@dirrm share/grail/printing
share/grail/protocols/LICENSE
share/grail/protocols/ProtocolAPI.py
share/grail/protocols/ProtocolAPI.pyc
share/grail/protocols/__init__.py
share/grail/protocols/__init__.pyc
share/grail/protocols/dataAPI.py
share/grail/protocols/dataAPI.pyc
share/grail/protocols/docAPI.py
share/grail/protocols/docAPI.pyc
share/grail/protocols/doiAPI.py
share/grail/protocols/doiAPI.pyc
share/grail/protocols/fileAPI.py
share/grail/protocols/fileAPI.pyc
share/grail/protocols/ftpAPI.py
share/grail/protocols/ftpAPI.pyc
share/grail/protocols/grailAPI.py
share/grail/protocols/grailAPI.pyc
share/grail/protocols/hdlAPI.py
share/grail/protocols/hdlAPI.pyc
share/grail/protocols/httpAPI.py
share/grail/protocols/httpAPI.pyc
share/grail/protocols/ietfAPI.py
share/grail/protocols/ietfAPI.pyc
share/grail/protocols/mailtoAPI.py
share/grail/protocols/mailtoAPI.pyc
share/grail/protocols/nullAPI.py
share/grail/protocols/nullAPI.pyc
share/grail/protocols/telnetAPI.py
share/grail/protocols/telnetAPI.pyc
share/grail/protocols/urnAPI.py
share/grail/protocols/urnAPI.pyc
@dirrm share/grail/protocols
share/grail/pythonlib/LICENSE
share/grail/pythonlib/ihooks.py
share/grail/pythonlib/ihooks.pyc
share/grail/pythonlib/keyword.py
share/grail/pythonlib/keyword.pyc
@dirrm share/grail/pythonlib
share/grail/session.py
share/grail/session.pyc
share/grail/sgml_lex/HTMLParser.py
share/grail/sgml_lex/HTMLParser.pyc
share/grail/sgml_lex/LICENSE
share/grail/sgml_lex/SGMLGatherer.py
share/grail/sgml_lex/SGMLGatherer.pyc
share/grail/sgml_lex/SGMLLexer.py
share/grail/sgml_lex/SGMLLexer.pyc
share/grail/sgml_lex/SGMLParser.py
share/grail/sgml_lex/SGMLParser.pyc
share/grail/sgml_lex/SGMLReplacer.py
share/grail/sgml_lex/SGMLReplacer.pyc
@dirrm share/grail/sgml_lex
share/grail/utils/Assert.py
share/grail/utils/Assert.pyc
share/grail/utils/LICENSE
share/grail/utils/SafeDialog.py
share/grail/utils/SafeDialog.pyc
share/grail/utils/SafeTkinter.py
share/grail/utils/SafeTkinter.pyc
share/grail/utils/grailutil.py
share/grail/utils/grailutil.pyc
share/grail/utils/hdllib.py
share/grail/utils/hdllib.pyc
share/grail/utils/ht_time.py
share/grail/utils/ht_time.pyc
share/grail/utils/parseprefs.py
share/grail/utils/parseprefs.pyc
share/grail/utils/supertextbox.py
share/grail/utils/supertextbox.pyc
share/grail/utils/testing.py
share/grail/utils/testing.pyc
share/grail/utils/tktools.py
share/grail/utils/tktools.pyc
@dirrm share/grail/utils
@dirrm share/grail
