
Welcome to Zope.

The basic installation process for FreeBSD now has been done. To have a
quick look, cd to your Zope base directory (see below) and start Zope
with:

./start -w <web port> -f <ftp port>

where <web port> is the port where to http-access Zope with your browser
(try http://localhost:<web port>). It defaults to 80. <ftp-port> is the
same thing for ftp (upload) access, it defaults to 21. Obviously, you will
have to specify these if you already use these ports. The user/password
pair for access to the management screens has been preset to
zopemaster/test, respectively. 

PLEASE NOTE that the above only is for a quick check only, BUT IT WILL
LEAVE YOUR ZOPE PROCESS WIDE OPEN TO HACKING SINCE THERE'S NO SECURITY
WHATSOEVER. Therefore, PLEASE do incorporate the suggested changes (see
below) to your apache-SSL web server and only start Zope WITHOUT ANY open
<web port> or <ftp port>. This can be done, also from the Zope base dir,
by:

./start -w '' -f '' -m '' -p <path to Zope.cgi>/Zope.cgi

where <path to Zope.cgi> is the (full) path to where Zope.cgi lives (see
below). There now also should be a file in ${PREFIX}/etc/rc.d/ (most
probably /usr/local/etc/rc.d/) named zope.sh that does the startup for you
after a reboot.

Also, it might be a good idea now to change the password. You can do that
with (again, in the Zope base directory):

python zpasswd.py -u <username> -p <passwd> -e CLEARTEXT access

The -e CLEARTEXT presently is *mandatory*, otherwise authentication
through apache will not work.

You will probably already have gone through Apache's ssl certificate
generation process. If not, please do so now, if you don't already have a
certificate. If only a few well known people will have access to your
management screens, a self-signed one probably will suffice. Please refer
to the Apache and the Apache-SSL documentation for further information. 
Use a sufficiently "long" key. Don't forget the https://... when trying to
access the management pages.

Apache will communicate with Zope through the so-called persistent cgi
interface (aka pcgi). There's links to more information on the Zope web
site at http://www.zope.org. Also, this is the best (and only) source of
help end information on Zope itself.

Zope is Copyrighted (C) by Digital Creations. All rights reserved.
Please thouroughly read the license (see below) before employing Zope.

Good business,				Peter Cornelius. <pcc@gmx.net>

Please remember these files and directories:
