======================================================================

      * IMPORTANT UPGRADE NOTICE * IMPORTANT UPGRADE NOTICE *

If you have not backed up your data from the previous version, revert
to using an older copy of this port and dump your data before
proceeding.  Upgrading without performing a dump will likely result in
instability, data loss, interoperability problems, and performance
issues.  It is recommended that you re-initdb between upgrades.  If
you have made a backup, ignore this warning.

Please remember to keep PostgreSQL client installations in sync with
the server.

You might want to add the following tunable to /etc/make.conf

POSTGRESQL_PORT=databases/postgresql-devel

======================================================================

To initialize the database, you should run initdb as the "pgsql" user.
Example:

  su -l pgsql -c initdb

You can then start PostgreSQL by running:

  /usr/local/etc/rc.d/010.pgsql.sh start

For postmaster settings, see ~pgsql/data/postgresql.conf
For more tips, read ~pgsql/post-install-notes
======================================================================

	* DEFAULT BLOCK SIZE CONFIGURABLE *

Starting with 7.4, PostgreSQL's block size for the -devel port can be
changed from the default 8K blocks to either 16K or 32K blocks by
setting WITH_PGBLOCKSIZE to either "16K" or "32K".  Changing block
sizes has uncertain performance implications and can result in faster
operation, in other cases slower.  Benchmarking and testing your
installation is *highly recommended* before using these values in any
form of production!  When changing block sizes, it is necesary to
dump, initdb, and reload data when changing block sizes.  Be careful
when switching from databases/postgresql-devel and
databases/postgresql7 or from databases/postgresql-devel -> src
tarball builds that have different block sizes!
======================================================================
