lib/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/XBMC_ArgusTV.pvr
lib/xbmc/addons/pvr.demo/XBMC_Demo.pvr
lib/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvblink/XBMC_DVBLink.pvr
lib/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/XBMC_dvbviewer.pvr
lib/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/XBMC_Tvheadend.pvr
lib/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/XBMC_Mediaportal.pvr
lib/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/XBMC_NextPVR.pvr
lib/xbmc/addons/pvr.njoy/XBMC_Njoy.pvr
lib/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/XBMC_VDR_vnsi.pvr
lib/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/XBMC_vuplus.pvr
lib/xbmc/addons/pvr.wmc/XBMC_WMC.pvr
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/addon.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/addon.xml.in
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/changelog.txt
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/icon.png
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Afrikaans/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Amharic/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Arabic/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Basque/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Belarusian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Bosnian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Bulgarian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Catalan/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Chinese (Simple)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Chinese (Traditional)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Croatian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Czech/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Danish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Dutch/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/English/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Esperanto/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Estonian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Finnish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/French/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Galician/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/German/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Greek/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Haitian (Haitian Creole)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Hebrew/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Hungarian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Icelandic/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Indonesian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Italian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Japanese/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Korean/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Lithuanian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Macedonian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Norwegian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Persian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Polish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Portuguese (Brazil)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Portuguese/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Romanian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Russian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Serbian (Cyrillic)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Serbian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Slovak/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Slovenian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Spanish (Argentina)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Spanish (Mexico)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Spanish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Swedish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Thai/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Turkish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/language/Ukrainian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.argustv/resources/settings.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.demo/PVRDemoAddonSettings.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.demo/addon.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.demo/addon.xml.in
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvblink/addon.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvblink/addon.xml.in
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvblink/changelog.txt
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvblink/icon.png
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvblink/resources/settings.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvblink/resources/language/Danish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvblink/resources/language/English/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/addon.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/addon.xml.in
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/changelog.txt
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/icon.png
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Afrikaans/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Amharic/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Arabic/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Basque/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Belarusian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Bosnian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Bulgarian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Catalan/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Chinese (Simple)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Chinese (Traditional)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Croatian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Czech/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Danish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Dutch/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/English/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Esperanto/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Estonian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Finnish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/French/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Galician/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/German/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Greek/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Haitian (Haitian Creole)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Hebrew/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Hindi (Devanagiri)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Hungarian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Icelandic/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Indonesian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Italian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Japanese/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Korean/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Lithuanian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Macedonian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Norwegian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Persian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Polish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Portuguese (Brazil)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Portuguese/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Romanian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Russian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Serbian (Cyrillic)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Serbian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Slovak/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Slovenian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Spanish (Argentina)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Spanish (Mexico)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Spanish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Swedish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Thai/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Turkish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/language/Ukrainian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.dvbviewer/resources/settings.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/addon.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/addon.xml.in
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/changelog.txt
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/icon.png
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Afrikaans/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Amharic/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Arabic/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Basque/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Belarusian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Bosnian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Bulgarian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Catalan/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Chinese (Simple)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Chinese (Traditional)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Croatian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Czech/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Danish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Dutch/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/English/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Esperanto/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Estonian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Finnish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/French/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Galician/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/German/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Greek/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Haitian (Haitian Creole)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Hebrew/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Hindi (Devanagiri)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Hungarian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Icelandic/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Indonesian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Italian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Japanese/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Korean/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Lithuanian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Macedonian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Malayalam/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Maltese/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Norwegian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Persian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Polish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Portuguese (Brazil)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Portuguese/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Romanian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Russian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Serbian (Cyrillic)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Serbian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Slovak/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Slovenian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Spanish (Argentina)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Spanish (Mexico)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Spanish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Swedish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Thai/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Turkish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/language/Ukrainian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/settings.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.hts/resources/skins/Confluence/720p/DialogTranscode.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/LICENSE.txt
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/TVServerXBMC/readme.txt
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/addon.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/addon.xml.in
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/changelog.txt
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/icon.png
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/genre_translation.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Afrikaans/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Amharic/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Arabic/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Basque/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Belarusian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Bosnian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Bulgarian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Catalan/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Chinese (Simple)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Chinese (Traditional)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Croatian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Czech/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Danish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Dutch/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/English/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Estonian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Finnish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/French/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Galician/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/German/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Greek/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Hebrew/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Hindi (Devanagiri)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Hungarian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Icelandic/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Italian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Japanese/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Korean/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Lithuanian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Macedonian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Norwegian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Persian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Polish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Portuguese (Brazil)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Portuguese/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Romanian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Russian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Serbian (Cyrillic)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Serbian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Slovak/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Slovenian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Spanish (Argentina)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Spanish (Mexico)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Spanish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Swedish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Thai/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Turkish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/language/Ukrainian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.mediaportal.tvserver/resources/settings.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/addon.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/addon.xml.in
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/changelog.txt
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/icon.png
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Afrikaans/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Amharic/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Arabic/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Belarusian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Bulgarian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Catalan/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Chinese (Simple)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Chinese (Traditional)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Croatian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Czech/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Danish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Dutch/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/English/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Estonian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Finnish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/French/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Galician/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/German/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Greek/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Hebrew/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Hungarian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Italian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Japanese/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Korean/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Lithuanian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Macedonian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Norwegian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Polish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Portuguese (Brazil)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Portuguese/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Romanian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Russian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Slovak/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Slovenian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Spanish (Argentina)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Spanish (Mexico)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Spanish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/language/Swedish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/settings.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.nextpvr/resources/skins/skin.confluence/720p/RecordPrefs.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.njoy/addon.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.njoy/addon.xml.in
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.njoy/icon.png
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.njoy/resources/language/English/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.njoy/resources/settings.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/addon.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/addon.xml.in
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/icon.png
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Afrikaans/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Albanian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Amharic/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Arabic/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Basque/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Belarusian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Bosnian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Bulgarian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Catalan/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Chinese (Simple)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Chinese (Traditional)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Croatian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Czech/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Danish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Dutch/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/English/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Esperanto/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Estonian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Finnish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/French/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Galician/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/German/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Greek/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Hebrew/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Hindi (Devanagiri)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Hungarian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Icelandic/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Indonesian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Italian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Japanese/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Korean/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Lithuanian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Macedonian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Norwegian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Polish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Portuguese (Brazil)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Portuguese/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Romanian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Russian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Serbian (Cyrillic)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Serbian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Slovak/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Slovenian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Spanish (Argentina)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Spanish (Mexico)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Spanish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Swedish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Thai/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Turkish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/language/Ukrainian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/settings.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/skins/skin.aeon.nox/1080i/Admin.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/skins/skin.confluence/720p/Admin.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vdr.vnsi/resources/skins/skin.confluence/720p/ChannelScan.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/addon.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/addon.xml.in
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/changelog.txt
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/icon.png
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Afrikaans/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Amharic/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Arabic/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Basque/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Belarusian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Bosnian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Bulgarian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Catalan/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Chinese (Simple)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Chinese (Traditional)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Croatian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Czech/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Danish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Dutch/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/English/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Esperanto/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Estonian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Finnish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/French/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Galician/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/German/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Greek/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Haitian (Haitian Creole)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Hebrew/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Hindi (Devanagiri)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Hungarian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Icelandic/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Indonesian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Italian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Japanese/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Korean/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Lithuanian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Macedonian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Malayalam/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Norwegian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Persian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Polish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Portuguese (Brazil)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Portuguese/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Romanian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Russian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Serbian (Cyrillic)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Serbian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Slovak/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Slovenian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Spanish (Argentina)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Spanish (Mexico)/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Spanish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Swedish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Thai/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Turkish/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/language/Ukrainian/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.vuplus/resources/settings.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.wmc/addon.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.wmc/addon.xml.in
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.wmc/icon.png
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.wmc/resources/settings.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.wmc/resources/language/English/strings.po
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.wmc/resources/skins/skin.confluence/720p/DeleteTimer.xml
share/xbmc/addons/pvr.wmc/resources/skins/skin.confluence/720p/RecordPrefs.xml
